"Dad, Dad, you watch TV, have brothers and sisters being chased! That d black man is not a bad person?"

On June 12th, although the company had a greed strike, as a professional had to take responsibility for the work done. It was not until more than 4 p.m., when I went home with my wife and my 5-and-a-half-year-old daughter, and on the way through the place where live television surrounded the Legislative Council and the peace demonstration began to clear the scene by the police, my daughter suddenly asked me the question I had just asked.

"No daughter, fruit d is the police." My wife naturally told the truth when I thought about how to answer.
"Police uncle is not good people come ah? Fruit d black man evil ... Wow! There is a brother who doesnothing to do anything to play than black pull down, than a bunch of black hit! Why does the police uncle protect the brother and sister?
"Daughter, it's like there's a good guy and a bad guy, the police uncle has good and bad, you'll know it."
"But Mom, the teacher taught our police uncle the responsibility to protect the public, d hit brother and sister hit the public must not police uncle!"

The wife just touched his head with a wry smile at her daughter.

"Daughter, remember the last time you were sick don't take medicine to your mother tantrum sin-injured mother? Clothes house d police uncle is as sick as you are, brother and sister want to help them, remind them to take medicine, but the police uncle to d dirty bacterial virus do not know what they are doing, tantrum hit people. 」
"d The medicine is hard to eat!"
"Freedom, wisdom, human nature make us die like d giving people a simple life in captivity, maybe a d is a bad medicine ..."
"Dad, what are you talking about? Is the free-orange drug a bad medicine?"
"Husband, you suddenly said d daughter won't understand. 」
"Haha I'm sorry. daughter, freedom this is this ... If you have your favorite chicken wings to choose from the green pepperyous you don't like, which one do you want to eat tonight?
"Chicken wings!"
"But what about your father's choice of green peppers?"
"Why? I don't want green pepper chicken wings!"
"Daughter, can give you the choice of chicken wings this is freedom, and forceyou can only choose green pepper is called deprivation of liberty." 」
"Is it free medicine and chicken wings?"
"No ."
"Always say what, come in," he said. 」

When we wanted to educate our daughter further that she was free, my wife urged us to enter the door of the house building.

"Dad 16 Father's Day!" The daughter pointed to the Father's Day campaign poster on the bulletin board as soon as she entered the building door.
"Dad, what do you want for Father's Day, free chicken wings?"
"Daughter to dad to eat you do?"
"Well! But Dad you were in charge of buying that day, buy more d! Buy the future! "
"Ah, 16th, and the future freedom, chicken wings father will give you." 」
"Husband you ... I would look at my daughter that day, you walk to remember to buy her chicken wings, don't mess around, be careful. 」
"Thank you, wife. 」

Father's Day originated from children's gratitude for father's parenting education, etc.
If fathers have not paid for their children, what about being thanked?
Giving the 16th and the future free chicken wings to my children is my Father's Day Manifesto.
In order to live up to the promise of Father's Day action

June 16, 2019
Hong kong
Father's Day Action
Guarding Freedom
Protecting the Future of the Next Generation