I'm an emergency department doctor, trouble everyone to take a look, protect yourself.

Hello, I'm an emergency department doctor.
It is believed that a man who has seen the news has been arrested by the police after he has been admitted to the hospital.
And I also believe that everyone who sees Dr. Huang's post should know how to deal with it.
Link: 
But a long time later I saw this cap graph, and this picture went away something called disaster code came out, so what is it?

So I want to share a little more information with you.

First, Dr. Huang said something very right. We do doctors, treat your injuries, is not needed, and don't you want to fight who you are fighting, where to give people, because of what is being beaten. All I need to know is that there's a hard object attacking/scratching/falling, etc. So don't say so much to our doctors and the shunted nurses know.

Second, there is such things as disaster code. Code works, as far as I know, if you tell us that you were injured as a result of a major d accident, we'll mark. And so code, the official to the HA to do the answer is just statistic, mark number in the end how many people were admitted to hospital, how many people were discharged, how many people were minor, how many people serious. The HA will only know the figures, and the personal data will not even the HA. But the younger brother has heard that d rumours is actually the name of the HA, and the police have the right to ask the HA name, this little brother fact can not check, I am very sorry to everyone. (I prefer to believe that the HA does not fall to the disclosure of information to the police dog, because the leak than the police dog words, go to the seat to give evidence, know that such illegal evidence I think the HA will also go to death, Li shen: really not sure)

Third, if a teammate to the police arrest is not good luck, and to see a doctor, the police will come out a commonly known as poor paper polo 42. This piece of paper is to give your teammates consent, you signed on behalf of you to agree to the doctor to the police disclose your information, injury, and this piece of paper actually see the doctor, has asked you not to sign, and the younger brother and sohow heard now d police dog fell to play fake sign, and the police dog may kill you, "you said the injury ar ma, you do not sign not to report ga la." I want to say to you, polo 42 is polo 42, medical report is medical report, two things come. If you don't sign, I can also issue a medical report, you apply to the hospital.

So the younger brother has the following suggestions.
Since the source of the problem comes from code disaster, so that we just avoid code disaster, so that even if the HA real asshole sells the patient with code, he has nothing to sell. How to avoid it? Dr. Huang told me very clearly, You don't have to tell me who you were being beaten and why you were beaten. As long as you say it's about the demonstrations, we want to know if you're going to Admiralty :)
Of course this bug is, if you want trouble, such as blind, you can't go to the police dog. So how to interpret, to be measured, the premise is, as a doctor, I must believe the patient, you say this is the case, I will write lor:)

Another thing, is and fellow friends said, "You trouble polo 42 before signing, please see if it is true my signature." You can ask the patient face-to-face: "If you sign it, I'll tell the police dog about your injuries and information, do you really agree." Asking more is just a few seconds, but it can save a teammate. Thank you all.

The last sentence.
God bless my city.