Anti-Send Parade Takes Children to the Streets for the Next Generation of Free Parents

Many of the marchers took their children to the "Anti-Trump" march.

Mr Wong and his wife and daughter took part in the procession , pointing out that the consultation time for the Government to amend the amendments was too short and that the judicial systems in China and Hong Kong were very different . Citing the example of the Members of the Legislative Council who were duped by the DQ, Mr Wong criticized the Hong Kong Government for doing things only to account to the mainland, and he thought that the people of Hong Kong had accumulated a lot of discontent, and that hundreds of thousands of people had come out this time, although they did not know the outcome, but should insist on speaking out. He said he had explained the amendment to his daughter, hoping that she would understand that "injustice speaks out".

Xu Took his 8-year-old son to the parade, holding hand-painted slogans that read "Black Heart" and "I am an honest good boy, I want to live happily, not live in fear". Asked by the reporter why Xu had attended the parade, he said that "the Fugitive Offenders Ordinance" and that "if passed, people will suddenly be taken away".

Mr. Chen's family took part in the march, saying that he stood up today to protect the freedom of speech of the next generation. He laughs that his generation is not happy, but does not want to see the next generation lose its freedom. He described that Hong Kong still had the freedom of peaceful assembly and was free to talk about June 4th , but if the killers passed , the next generation would be " afraid to speak out " and " afraid of being taken over by China " . He also pointed out that the family attended the parade today to make his son understand that "freedom is up for itself".

Mr Lau, who took his daughter to the parade, said it was a regular meeting to affect all sectors of Hong Kong and worried that foreign businesses would divest and put young people out of work. He also pointed out that he stood up today to defend the freedom of speech of the next generation , " I told my daughter on June 4 , and I hope he knows that there is no democratic place in China , and I do not want Hong Kong to become in the future " .

Mr Yao's family also took part in the parade with his children, who he pointed out had also participated in the procession before, but the children had participated for the first time. He denounced the method of second-degree revision as tough and "completely unlistening to public opinion". Asked why he stood up, he said that "for the next generation" was not the main reason, "when you want a place you will be willing to stand up." Mr Yao pointed out that he did not expect the outcome of the march, "The Government has always ignored public opinion, but we should cherish the opportunity to speak out!"