"The Protesters' Statement of Apology to the People of Hong Kong"

To the people of Hong Kong:

With the most heartfelt and sincere attitude, we apologize for the inconvenience caused over the past two weeks. However, after two million public processions , numerous peaceful rallies and even young people who died , the four major claims of the Withdrawal of Fugitive Offenders Ordinance have not yet been successful . In the face of the Chief executive on the four major demands to avoid and to apologize to divert attention, we do not rule out that will be in the near future will be a stronger way to fight, this is the official forced people to resist the helpless action, please understand.

In order to protect the safety of the lives and property of ordinary citizens, we hereby appeal to:
a) Avoid travel to the Admiralty area of Admiralty between 20 June and 21 June
(ii) If you encounter a crowd of protesters when you go out, please say you pass by, we will try our best to make way for you

If you wish to come to support you, please always keep in mind to be alert and to take care of your protection and safety measures:
a) Wear high-protection and lightweight clothing, such as trousers and sports shoes
(2) Pre-replacement clothing, masks, umbrellas and eye masks (can be replaced by swimming goggles)
(3) Bring enough clean water and dry food
4) With a firm mind, keep your head cool and responsive

In view of the violent crackdown by the police on a number of occasions between 9 and 16 June , there may be some risks to those who come to support them . We will uphold the principle of "no bloodshed, no injury, no arrest" and we hope that you will do your best to protect the safety of our peers.

At the same time, we call on people from all walks of life to donate materials. Please keep a close eye on the appeals of the various material stations for details.

The enemy of the protesters has never been the people of Hong Kong or the Hong Kong police. The helpless and rational way in exchange for only the words and small actions of those in power again and again. In the face of the government's endless consumption and diversion of sight, we now with a sad mood, the road is a last resort to embark on the struggle to escalate. I hope that the Chief Executive of Hong Kong will have the courage to fulfill the various promises made in the media during the election campaign, and really face, accept and practice our demands, so that we can truly protect hong Kong, which we love.

Our four-point appeal:
(a) Withdrawal of Fugitive Offenders Ordinance
(ii) Release of the rebels
(iii) De-characterization of the riots
4) To prosecute Hong Kong police for police brutality

Don't withdraw, don't disperse.

A group of Hong Kong citizens on