Hello, all of you, friends here.

"To copper as a mirror, can be a crown, to ancient mirror, can know Xing- and so, with man-made mirror, can be clearly lost." Today we went to Tsim Sha Tsui together to commemorate the atrocities of totalitarian government sons and cities in Tsim Sha Tsui, not far away 30 years ago. Therefore, today's June 4 memorial meeting, apart from the record of the passing of the deceased on that day, also let us all Hong Kong people understand that history teaches us. Studying history, in addition to being more knowledgeable, can also teach us not to repeat the mistakes of the past, and today's online review of the documentaries and photographs of the past years shows that the totalitarian government's methods against the civilian population are brutal and resperation. Therefore, looking back on this history, we must always be vigilant that the totalitarian government is moving our neighbours with stupidity and teething.

"This identity of Hong Kong people has been particularly difficult in recent years, but I believe that each and every one of us is proud of this place, because we really like this place, and as a member of the people of Hong Kong, I am no longer a familiar place to Hong Kong, except for sighing. I have chosen to defend the identity of the people of Hong Kong in a different capacity, as the student leader of today's generation, as if it were an overlap with the image of the troubled people 30 years ago. Fortunately, I am still living in Hong Kong today, and although my life is not in danger, the normal life of the people of Hong Kong has long been lost since the transfer of sovereignty in 1997. Although I needed to fulfil the 120-hour social service order during the years of the Great Wall of Democracy, in fact, in different corners of Hong Kong, there have been different hong Kong people who have become political prisoners of the younger generation, compared with 120 hours of social service orders, not to mention the countless victims who died that day, the soul has long been etched in the minds of everyone present. The teaching of history is that we face totalitarian rule, in addition to retaining strength and handling carefully, but also always guard against slackening.

History is the book of the victor's brilliant testimony of the times. This year, the Global Times pointed out that the June 4 "event" is a faded historical event, putting it down to help the country out of the shadows and avoid ingesting differences, and helping all Chinese to be immune to future unrest. These comments are only intended to discredit history and fool the masses.

But I hope that all of you here will not forget the blood lessons that history has brought to our sorrows and tears, because only by remembering history can we create a future. In Hong Kong today , some people say that we should forget the past , and I do not agree with it , because learning the meaning of history , in addition to making us aware of previous events , can also find the trajectory of the world from the past , and everyone here knows that only by recognizing the past of totalitarian governments and facing the atrocities of the murderous regime , more effectively can we ignore the future of the fighting power of the chips , and he will have to be present for the future .

Some people think, "Knowing not to do it is an extreme ignorance, but history has no if, only a lesson, if we can retain strength, he can still be brave. As long as we never give up, victory must be on our side.

Today, on June 4th, 30 years later, the Ccp regime has never changed in its nature. Today's Hong Kong is even worse, and now the Amendment to the Fugitive Offenders Ordinance is like a sharp blade in the neck of every Hong Kong people, and I and others live in fear of fear.

Giving up is our biggest price.

Although the days ahead, it has long been foreseen that our lives will encounter greater hardship. But I hope to encourage you here, as long as there is us, here is our Hong Kong.

Everybody, i must stick to it anyway.

Because we are all Hong Kong people.