Hello, I am the Acting Vice-President of the Provisional Administrative Committee of the Student Union of the City University of Hong Kong.

Thirty years ago in Beijing, a group of Chinese students led the campaign to demand that the Communist Government face up to social problems and build a democratic China." However, the desire for democratic freedom for tens of thousands of students has not only been ignored by the government, but has been replaced by the tragedy of the slaughter in the early hours of June 4. The cold tank car completely shattered the students' hope suffort democracy and freedom and justice.

Thirty years later, in Hong Kong, the Communist regime has repeatedly tried to destroy Hong Kong's core values. From denying Mr Leung's candidacy to usurping the four elected members, the NPC's interpretation of the law, to the present day, the Chinese Communist Party has tried to completely destroy the rule of law in Hong Kong by amending the Fugitive Saves Ordinance and turn our homeland into a city of the Communist Party of China regime.

With regard to June 4th, in recent years, the older generation has often heard criticism that young people do not attend the June 4 candlelight vigil organized by the stake. As a Hong Kong erstia, I have chosen not to attend the candlelight vigil of the stake, and building a democratic China is not the responsibility of the people of Hong Kong who are born in Sri Kong. Even when identity aside, wishful thinking demands that such a bloody regime reverse the mistakes of 30 years ago, and the people's democratic freedoms are all the more time to go.

However, I still choose to mourn June 4. As a student , I hope that by paying tribute to the students who died in the June 4th , I can always remind myself that What Hong Kong is now facing is a very arbitrary regime . As a student leader , I hope to tell more about the June 4th hearing , and the Special Department will no longer be able to fully understand the events of June 4from from the textbooks , and the younger generation will know that there is a lot of cruelty in the middle of it .

The 50-year limit was less than half, but the Chinese Communist Party could not wait to reden Hong Kong, the spirit of the rule of law that Hong Kong people had always prided itself on, and freedom and democracy had been lost;

Hong Kong and strong push in the murder, I do not know that we can be in the same place next year to mourn June 4. Writing for the New York Times, Huang Taiyang, who is in exile in Germany, said that "Hong Kong will die if the middle-aged men pass." At a time when Hong Kong is in dire straits, we must bear in mind the lessons of history, and both the older and younger generations should put aside their stereotypes and unite against evil.

Hong Kong, June 9, we meet in Victoria Park.