China's tangled "enlightened" faction will only fuel Chinese colonization

At the peak of the flu, the doctor called bitter, and finally pointed out that there was an elephant in the room: "Chinese immigrants come to too many people, has burst the health care system, not discrimination non-discrimination." It's spread to a wide range of issues than My own echo wall. In the pro-friendly, patriotic group of whatsapp, there is also the "Mao" section of "We failed", their attitude is also positive affirmation that there is a problem.

Relatives are of course ordinary people, they do not have a special proposition on the existence of one-way permits, but will not deny the basic fact that "too many people"; although they are "quiet and good" and politics does not get to them, the days have passed,Chinese but they will not present the hysteria of the individual "progressives" and their non-recognition, but are usually clear-faced with reality.

It is not surprising that organizations specializing in Chinese have jumped out to oppose it; it is also the ecology of individual left-wingers who are outspoken in their medical circles, who have taken the opportunity to promote the importation of Chinese labour, cover up real problems, or draw out a large amount of seemingly objective data from the private sector. If the family of the commentators themselves are very new immigrants , which is particularly warm on this issue , I can understand that , but there is a conflict of interest , it is doubtful whether justice is fair . But to say it clearly, it is a dilemma to attack people close to the past.

But these sides are just the poles of things, and there is a large area of ambiguous no one in the middle. "Civil society" is now too vague on this issue, or knows it's hot potato and silent. But the Pan-Democracy swashes "civil war" over the issue around 2013. Fan Guowei, Mao Mengjing and Tan Kaibang's "Source Reduction" initiative, when almost the entire civil society has a position to oppose, when they said, "family reunification is a human right, this is a Chinese before others ideology." Strictly speaking, it shows a kind of Chinese nationalism.

The political ideology of the people of Hong Kong, if "progress" is to rise up, it will inevitably be entangled with this set, you have me, and then parting ways is only halfway off, but sharing a lot of ideological DNA. Patriotism has existed since the beginning of the day. Against the background of British rule, Hong Kong's "democracy movement" is almost a Chinese nationalist movement and an identity politics against the British government.

This kind of people to the present, become aware that a large number of imported Chinese mouth will get Hong Kong blasting, the tragedy of all Hong Kong people and new Chinese, must continue; the temple people do not sound, no matter the mathematical car wreck, because Hong Kong every "democratic progress" of the movement, organization, individual, are more or less connected with the "want China" love root. Even though many people now have no way back , Hong Kong is the only destination . Even if the political parties now have to find votes , many of them are dependent on these people who have no way back , but their start-up settings , they see Hong Kong as a transit point for " engaging in Chinese politics " , since our original intention is to save Hong Kong , and make any Chinese unhappy .

Don't you often hear "this will infuriate the Communist Party" or "the Communist Party is the happiest"? But it seems rare to discuss whether the people of Hong Kong are happy and whether they are provoked by hong Kong people. Presumably this is not very important for progressives.

To continue to import people, at least not against it, this may be a rare consensus issue for "pro-Beijing" and "democratic" factions. The former already knows that the constant importation of heterogeneous population is part of "national security" and is an assimilation of Hong Kong, a necessary measure to bring Hong Kong closer to China, and cannot be changed; In fact, they have never actually ruled Hong Kong, so without the question of actual resources, they have always held high the single principle that they cannot harm the interests and feelings of Chinese.

Even if a new generation of people are effectively out of that era, political parties and established lines can still extend this residual poison as long as possible. The twins, Mr. Li and Mr. Stuart, are typical, Mr. Stuhua is China, and he has been "supporting the reunification" with the Chinese Communist Party, even after June 4th; That is to say, Hong Kong's "progressives" share the origins of one China, and that is not the "cultural China" and the historical rivers and mountains that they boasted about after the Communist Shas, and what everyone was pinning and supporting at that time was a realistic China. Clearly, Chinese is excluding us, and it is clear that Hong Kong schools have appeared to say Cantonese to be punished, and now the "Father of Democracy" still tells us not to exclude Chinese.

Of course, we shouldnot be too harsh on history. Lawyers represent who does not represent identity, yes; after the war, the global left-wing movement is in full swing, and Hong Kong has many great young people involved in the Communist Party's expectations. Some of them left after the Cultural Revolution, some left after June 4, some did not come to the team, and some were later joined. They're not necessarily bad people, they're even a lot of good people and geniuses. But in any case, this is the origin of the "democratic movement" that is less glorious and sly. It exists to consider China first, not Hong Kong. This democratic movement, which is entangled with another national family, eventually conflicts with "local interests", but is only a physical necessity. At first they wanted to build a democratic China, but the progressive and democratic movement spawned a community rooted in Hong Kong, which would eventually betray the issues first set by Chinese nationalists.

Because of the origin of the "democratic movement", there is a corresponding outcome, that is, China says that there is no democracy, there is no, the mainstream pan-people face the regime, is self-inflicted, because the Chinese Communist Party is China's orthodoxy, "Chinese" self-identification coupled with Hong Kong's political reality, it produces life-telling. Therefore, the resulting "progressive community" usually does not think that Chinese is colonizing and invading Hong Kong, does not recognize that Hong Kong is following the footsteps of Xinjiang, Tibet, Mongolia and other places, but also these "peripheral" (perhaps plus Taiwan) countries, holding and co-producing a source of the great Han chauvinpolitical imagination and prejudice, or in any case "first against Hong Kong independence", to the time of the "safeguardfishing" and anti-Japanese, in a line of history, it is not difficult to explain.

Hong Kong is a world of strange, democratic advocates should have empowered the people, but the ideology that has been rampant here seems to be continuing to weaken the importance of the people of Hong Kong; democracy was bound by national boundaries, but the origin of the "democratic" is "China", so when the Chinese pressure, they suddenly become borderless.

Some on the left also want to pull the whole "civil society" to the left, and in fact it is really "to some extent" success. Because in real politics, "Chinese democrats", "Fabianists" and "Chinese colonists" are a triangle that is getting closer and closer. Because in hong Kong's reality, while advocating democracy and human rights, it is the safest, there is no red line, there is a living space, at least not to DQ. Because the regime will certainly not give you "democracy", but "human rights" is "the human rights of Chinese outsiders", "establishment" must be properly taken care of. Not just medical care, public housing is another thing. Welfare bureaucrats have always been preferential Chinese, and they give their feelings to some people.

So when China rules Hong Kong (without British barriers), Chinese the army, the standards of good and evil of the past will be re-evaluated. "Democracy, freedom, human rights" is no longer the natural secret language, and even when you really advocate and do your best, there will be many victims. What used to be a virtue can now be turned into sin.

The latter will wake up more and more to this matter, many will be separated by understanding, there is no way to retreat but to die in Hong Kong's democrats, no longer feel that the "Chinese democrats" are kind and good-looking; In the previous two by-elections, they were still emotionally blackmailing for votes, repeating the secret message of the origins of the English era (mostly the unaltered nature of the English era), but the magic would sooner or later fail, because all the issues in Hong Kong were Chinese issues, and the political world had no other line for China, and the "civil society" Chinese sentiment was a moral high ground in the English era, making them look like the accomplices of the colonists in the colonial era, but the real accomplices had real resources.

The overseas sins of the frustrated Zhao Ziyang route, who wanted to govern Hong Kong and were snubbed, have been seen in Stuart's interaction with the Communist Party. Such people have no real Hong Kong identity, nor china's Olympic aid. Between the caress, the advantage is gradually rooted in the red establishment faction cover, is the tragedy of the times, but also always do not change the price.