The election results of the seeking benevolence

Some people wept sadly this morning , saying that Mrs Lee lost the by-election , that Hong Kong had fallen , and some people said that the worst were more than the so-called local leaders such as me , who did not support the so-called pan-democratic son , and had been singing softly , scorching the rhetoric to kill people by losing their seats . (Reaffirming that I am not a native, but a native)
What is the truth? How many are there. First, the new public housing units such as The villages of Delang and Qiqing, Li Zhuopeople received far fewer votes than Chen Kaixin, who was supported by the Propaganda and Election Machine stoking by the Communist Party of China, that is, the distribution of residential votes coordinated by the Central Government and dispatched by the Government has worked. This is thanks to the credit of pan-democratic groups such as Li Zhuo rentored, who have welcomed new Chinese immigrants over the years, and you not only do not oppose the entry of large numbers of immigrants, but also support them, arrange for the upstairs placement, and today's good because of that, you recruit yourself, do not have the same kind, and are in line with the wishes of the heavenly people.
The second fact is that your pan-democratic electoral propaganda channels are dead. Three newspapers on Election Day, like Apple Daily, support Chen Kaixin, but why apple daily doesn't have the power of Oriental Daily because of the composition of the readership (The Grand Duke is too much to mention). The Oriental Daily focuses on the university community on the small welfare of labor concerns and the topic of writing and targeting disadvantaged groups every day. This is very much in line with the tastes of the blue-collar class; although it cannot be said that blue-collar workers will be pro-government, but blue-collar hate a hedonistic, incompetent so-called trade union leader, "Oriental Daily" more than enough; first, regardless of the "Apple Daily" readers and the interactive community of online speech, can not be fully directed by the media; "Apple Daily" every time god is to help the mud wall, recommended at first or even the same as huang, Yueqiao, poor absurdity and other teaching people do not want to see, such a propaganda channel, in this election campaign has been semi-disabled. Some of the old-school pan-people such as Liang Guoxiong, take the initiative in the network to provoke the middle voters, self-destruction of the Great Wall, how this obviously reflects the once good relations with Europe and the United States pan-democratic snobs do not think ahead, backward behind the situation.
The fact is that you politicians are disgusting, everyone shouts and fights. Whether Feng and Li Zhuo, than hong Kong people are sold in political events, not to mention you do daily regional work is not necessarily hard and hard work; The so-called "tearful vote" is because even your supporters also think you are abominable; a political faction that wants to compete for seats, except the old and the old, no one can choose from the words, is doomed to death, not to mention today's young people's suffering on the old age, you should retire, back to the back row as an opinion consultant, support the future, and then lose the eye, okay?
By the way, beg for gas, be proud and be proud of others; you are elected to be recognized by the public, humble point, do not get used to and voters against each other, otherwise, find the staff union interactive employment service center to help you solve the unemployment problem, is the end of your quest for benevolence.