Du Yaoming review: Hong Kong's fiscal reserves are about to fall into Beijing's hands

The SAR Government has astronomical fiscal reserves, but it is powerless to solve social problems, and it is also calculated that a chief executive, who is held by a vested interest in Beijing, is a political perverse, more powerful than serving the public, but if this taxpayer's money is sent to the mainland state-owned enterprises, the name of the United States is not regulated, and the high degree of autonomy of Hong Kong will further collapse the system of the mainland government.

The Financial Secretary, Mr Chan Mao-bo, recently revealed in an online blog that the Monetary Authority had been in discussions with some central state-owned enterprises and was looking for overseas projects with stable returns to participate as equity investors. In other words, with a $1.1 trillion fiscal reserve now under the management of the HKMA, the Government has invested at least some of its investment in overseas projects by state-owned enterprises.

A series of questions came. First, is the investment project profitable? The central state-owned enterprises have the power to be powerful in the mainland, the policy support, the semi-monopoly of the market and even the monopoly, and the commercial position is invincible. If they issue new shares, if the timing and price are recognized by professional analysis, and the SAR Government has full account to the public, it is certainly not impossible to enter the market.

However, the present proposal is another matter. At present, only know that the investment object is the overseas projects of the central state-owned enterprises, but did not account for what projects, and even involved in which state-owned enterprises are not as deep, there is no transparency to speak of. But in business, there are already stable returns of projects, it is not difficult to find financial support, even listing fund-raising can, unless these overseas projects, from the preparation so far, the SAR Government or the HKMA has been involved in, is a close business partner, otherwise, why should benefit the SAR Government? On the contrary, if the high-risk projects, of course, hope to give generously to the SAR, but the investment is to invest, the Government needs to come to "loyalty to the country" this set?

The second is the way it is invested. The SAR Government only seeks to purchase the share capital of the company and waits for dividends. Different from the existing investment methods of the Government, such as stocks, foreign currencies and bonds, can be bought and sold in the market at any time as necessary, but the Government holds shares in a company, cannot be said to sell, to privately seek a buyer to bargain again, or to buy back from the majority shareholder at a low price, the procedure is relatively complex. More fundamentally, the protection of minority shareholders' rights and interests depends on the provisions of the Articles of Association, the organization of companies and the legal system. The company earns a lot of money does not mean that the minority shareholders can get a large amount of dividend, but if the annual dividend rate is determined in advance, why not buy the company fixed interest bond, and why should we invest in state-owned enterprises by way of equity?

The third is the nature of the investment. State-owned enterprises invest a lot of money abroad, some of which are controversial, such as arms trafficking and copyright infringement. Even if these projects are profitable, the SAR Government should think twice. First, business investment in addition to considering returns, there is also a moral bottom line, can not see money eye, just as some non-governmental organizations also have investment guidelines, can not get involved in some problem areas, the Government should be equally prudent. Second, the Sino-US trade war is in full swing, the SAR Government should try to avoid being implicated, so we must completely eliminate participation in commercial activities that the United States refers to as a violation of fair trade, and even keep a distance from the state-owned enterprises, so as to ensure the status of the existing free customs area.

Perhaps in Chen Maobo's eyes, the selection of investment projects for fiscal reserves is an internal matter of the HKMA, they choose which state-owned enterprises to do business, as in which stocks and bonds, so he does not make a statement in his blog, it seems that he does not intend to explain in detail in the future. But the above three questions, from the selection of which projects, which business to which business to invest, are of the most important, mishandled, not only the loss of money, more scourge from the sky, unprovoked Hong Kong into the vortex of trade war, but the SAR Government black box operation can be reassuring?

Of course, more crucial is that the precedent of the stakes in the central enterprises, I believe that in the future more financial reserves will flow into the hands of the mainland state-owned enterprises, or even follow the proposal of the Macao government, to give some of the reserves to the Guangzhou provincial government and the State Development Bank management, in exchange for fixed interest returns. Under the cover of the insensitive decision-making process, the people of Hong Kong simply do not know the actual whereabouts of the trillion-dollar fiscal reserves and the 700 billion HKMA surplus, nor can they understand whether the funds are being put into Huawei's 5G telecommunications in Australia, or using to exploit natural resources in many african countries, or the construction of the "Belt and Road" port in Malaysia, so that further, when the Central People's Government deems it necessary, the Central Government can collect Hong Kong reserves and then transfer them to the Central Central Central Reserve, and the annual transfer of the SAR will never be returned.

Of course, such hyperbole requires the agreement of the HKMA and the SAR Government. But at present this Government, why has it said nothing to the Central People's Government?