Liang Tianxuan -- written before sentencing

Before I returned to Hong Kong, I had read a report on the trend of immigration in Hong Kong in recent years. The survey reflects the increasing interest of Hong Kong people in emigrating , while the overwhelming majority of young people are considering immigration . At the same time, I have also read some of the most powerful remarks: "Presumably, I would like to appeal to young people in Hong Kong who are dissatisfied with the current state of society and a pessimistic outlook, and who have the option of leaving the cloud." I have read these two news, my mind is full of doubts: In this place in Hong Kong, what kind of environment are we creating for the next generation?

Going or staying is certainly a choice many people face. But if the people of Hong Kong, especially the younger generation, no longer cling to Hong Kong and retreat to other places, the future of Hong Kong will be fixed. On the contrary, we can only take root in this land, there is a possibility of change here, Hong Kong is no longer a floating city.

Of course, reality always teaches people to be discouraged, and we all have our own difficulties to face.

Since the trial began, time has followed, on the first night of two years ago, slowly, at times. My world was once again connected to that night, and it came to a halt, and I believed it would come to a halt for a while.

After four months in prison, the days were not too sad. I sincerely appreciate everyone who came to the hearing and wrote to my friend. Whenever I think of the picture I saw in court: a group of defense lawyers in front of me, every familiar, strange face in the public gallery, every nod, smile, wave ... Also increased my courage to face everything. Especially each of your letters, i am the only connection outside the wall, so that my heart is extremely warm. This kind of interpersonal care reminds me why I was engaged in politics.

Life can infect life. As I prepared to testify, I tried to trace my self-printing from the beginning, recalling the people I met along the way. What drove me into politics from start to finish was the expectation of a democratic and free Hong Kong. In the pursuit of this ideal society, we see different pictures, have their own experiences, but also make their own judgments. No matter how we choose, it is inevitable that Hong Kong will be transformed into a democratic society and that it will be successful. To this day, I no longer ask for the approval of others. I only hope that we can have a basic understanding that a political system that fails to show public opinion will accumulate some popular anger, and that a failed political reform will create far-reaching political turmoil. Since we are well-off in Hong Kong, her well-being or her safety should be closely related to us; a democracy that fully reflects the views of the community should be our common pursuit.

At this moment, when it comes to democracy or constitutional reform, it may be a bit of a cliche, and it's like a dream talk. Indeed, in the face of absurd reality, all good intentions seem ridiculous. I have no intention of denying the cruel fact that the democratic process in Hong Kong has been broken; I am left to think that in the worst of times, the responsibility of man is even more important. Looking at the moment, we do have a lot to do without doing it.

Where a certain opinion is made in a group, there is bound to be support and opposition. Differences are presented in different ways. By the same token, even with the task of changing society, the participants in the social movement will be divided or even divided by the priorities of each other. Before democracy can be achieved, perhaps we need to practice democracy, sort out differences, cherish each other's differences, and use this as an opportunity to rally greater power. It is important to know that only dictatorships can tolerate other voices.

After years of turmoil, I have learned a lot of the truth written on paper. I want to thank all the people I met on the road, especially the parents who brought me to the world. I think, even if I am poor this life, it is not enough to repay the kindness of my parents. But if I can learn the lessons of today and always fight for the future of the next generation, I believe my parents will still be happy about it.

June 10, 2018