Woman pregnant also on the street: If you had known the amendment, there would have been a next generation

During the anti-trump parade, many people pushed BB carts or dragged children. Asked why they were involved in the march, they all depended on the concerns of the next generation. Zhu Tai, who was months pregnant, said: "In fact, if You had known that this had happened, there would have been no next generation, because very basic personal safety is like not being protected from them." There was a group of wives who held up pink sheets as "team flags", and member Susan said, "I want to be known, in fact, our wives are busy, in fact, we have independent thinking, we can come out and speak." Because this is a role model, want the next generation to know, in fact, this time very urgent, this time not out, do not know whether there is no next time out. 」

After 80 years of zhu Tai pregnant for a few months, today with her husband and parents on the street. She walked in the crowd with her stomach up, asking why she was on the street, she said, "I didn't think it was going to happen today." She added, unaware of the hard work of "big belly walk", "In fact, the momentum is still big, April 28 thwithout with my husband, if early to know that something happened, should not have the next generation to add, because it is so good basic personal safety is like protecting them like this, Hong Kong's own living environment is ridiculous, now even that basic human rights are good as no, I feel can not be on the street to express suddenly." 」

There are voices in the community that will consider immigration after the passage of the amendment, and Zhu Tai also admitted that after the Government proposed the amendment, she had thought about immigration, "In fact, we are very contradictory, our generation is caught in the middle, because there are elderly people, they are rooted in Hong Kong will not go; For the next generation, it's time to go, but what about our parents?

Mrs Chu's parents also took part in the parade today , said Mrhuang , a native of Hong Kong and more than one year old . Huang Tai continued that this time it was not because of anger, "the middle and the latter are actually more disappointed, more lose confidence." This time really want to be the last time, do not go as if sorry children. 」

Although there is no hope , she still has hope , " there is a glimmer of hope , and I hope that he ( the Government ) will talk first , and know us very well , but in fact most of us are good Hong Kong people , who want to cause trouble . " The couple grew up in Hong Kong for more than 60 spring and autumn, she continued: "In a relatively called the rule of law in a society for so many years, we all want to maintain, to tell the truth has changed the quality, that is, the department 2047 has not arrived, has been early (deterioration)." 」
