Foreigners want Hong Kong Ukrainian Youth: Japanese Girls With A Responsibility to Home: Different from China

Hong Kong people, he is also you and me.

Among the people who marched against the Chinese people on Sunday, they were also dressed in white, people of different colors and races, who regarded Hong Kong as their home and were part of the people of Hong Kong. Although not born in Hong Kong , they do not want Hong Kong to become an ordinary Chinese city at the moment , and they choose to take to the streets against the hot summer , walking side by side with a group of Hong Kong people .

Vladi (left) marches with his girlfriend Ajing (right), who works as a freelance writer. "He (boyfriend) likes Hong Kong more than I do, " says Hong Kong-born Ajing. She admitted that she had wanted to study abroad for years and did not want to stay in Hong Kong. Even a foreigner thinks Hong Kong is his home, he wants to stay here, then I ... In fact, this is my first parade. Wu Wanying
In the white crowd, there was a young man with brown curly hair holding up a card that read "CHINA HANDS OFF OUR HOME" with his hands on it. He is a 28-year-old computer researcher from Vladi, from Ukraine.

Vladi told reporters that he had lived in Hong Kong for a short period of one year and had fallen in love with the drive and freedom of the city and intended to stay in Hong Kong , but this time the Government had pushed for amendments to the Fugitive Slamics Ordinance , which made him sad , " I think Hong Kong is losing its freedom , and it is losing more and more time . " I don't want to live in a place where my freedom will be taken away after a while. The parade was one way to express my displeasure. Vladi said it was his first time on the street, and even in Ukraine, he had not participated in the march. This time, because he has decided that Hong Kong is his home, "I want to settle here, I feel that my family has a responsibility." 」

Vladi describes how he feels close to Hong Kong, "For me, it's a place, because Hong Kong people are very motivated, and I think Hong Kong people are more motivated than many people in the West." Living in Hong Kong is more stressful, you have to work harder, but you are also more likely to see the results of the effort. I like Hong Kong because she pushes me harder. Vladi added that living in Europe is easier than in Asia, and that Europeans can live without working very hard or have a fairly comfortable life. He had a lot to do, one of which was to open a research institute. He said opening a research institute in Ukraine would make it difficult for Hong Kong " because Ukraine is less interested in innovation . " 」

Vladi knows that Hong Kong is not a normal Chinese city, because he has traveled to China many times in the past, had individual rights exploited, and had a personal experience of China's national conditions. Vladi, for example, said that when he traveled in Xinjiang three years ago, he was restricted from visiting some places, and even his phone sim card was cut off, and he complained to officials at the time, but he described them as giving him only "false reasons" for poor internet conditions.

The Hong Kong Government intends to amend the Fugitive Offenders Ordinance, and his concerns are based on China, "If I stay here, I do not want to eventually be in China, and apologize on national television for something." Why are he worried about being handed over? Vladi responded that he believed that China's definition of crime was not clear and that "i do not believe that Chinese law is fair to all." 」

Yoshida, from Japan, carrying a red, white and blue tote bag, holding an Apple Daily umbrella, joined several friends of hong Kong natives in the anti-send-off parade. Wu Wanying
Yoshida, from Japan, carried a red, white and blue tote bag and an umbrella from the Apple Daily, joining several Hong Kong-born friends in the anti-send-off parade.

Yoshida, who is engaged in the publication of Japanese magazines, came to Hong Kong in a working relationship and became fascinated by the language and culture of Hong Kong, "I love Cantonese very much." "Zenita wants to stay in Hong Kong, learning Cantonese last year, " she said, "Cantonese has a lot of local elements in Hong Kong, very special," my colleagues told me, Hong Kong is becoming more and more like China, 30 years later, or Hong Kong becomes China (part), Hong Kong people will not speak Cantonese again." I don't want to, so I learn Cantonese. 」

"In Japan, many people learn Chinese, but they usually learn Mandarin, not Cantonese, " Mr. Yoshida said. Many Japanese will also work and stay in China, but they are generally not known in Hong Kong. Even Japanese people living in Hong Kong often do not know what is happening in Hong Kong. After coming to Hong Kong, Yoshida made a lot of local friends, learned about Hong Kong's current affairs and political affairs from their mouths, she knew that Hong Kong was different from China, and in order to explain to her Japanese friends what had happened in Hong Kong, she set up a facebook page "Kanatin in Hong Kong", in Japanese to say about the size of Hong Kong.

"Just after the 6th 4th, she also went to Victoria Park to attend a candlelight rally and explained to the Japanese why the Fourth of June was important, " Mr. Yoshida said. "Hong Kong is the only place in China where public gatherings can be held to mourn The Fourth of June, and she knows that the difference between China and Hong Kong lies in freedom of speech, so she came out against the amendment of the Fugitive Saper Ordinance, "Many Japanese people are not aware of this march, so I think I am representing the Japanese people," Mr. Tsing said. 」