Police strong clearance 09/06 night 10/06 early morning demonstration report

From yesterday to the early hours of the morning, I followed from head to end, recorded the whole anti-transmission demonstration. The following is my finishing report. The following is the full record of the demonstration sat in the early hours of 09/06 at 10/06 p.m.

The Frodea announces the end of the march Hong Kong public's appeal to the public to stay behind ( 09/06 9:30-12:00 pm )
On 9 June , the Hong Kong Frogots launched an anti-transmission parade , in which a large number of members of the public responded to the rally , forcing the Hong Kong Station to announce stops such as Tiantian , Causeway Bay and Wan Chai , causing some people to start walking at Battery Hill . At about 09:30 pm , the FRODEBU announced that the number of people marching reached 1.03 million , the highest number of participants since the reunification , a record .

At around 09:50 pm, the FRODEBU declared the rally over, but the marchers continued to enter the Civic Square without seeing the dragon tail. During this period , the People's Congress in Hong Kong has been calling on the public to stay outside the Government Headquarters until the Government talks with them and withdraws them . At about 10:20 p.m., the last group of demonstrators arrived at the terminal. The remaining citizens began to gather outside the political headquarters, near the Ting MeiDao, Haifu Centre and the Legislative Council car park, and I looked at at least a thousand people, and the scene was calm, as if waiting for a response from the Government.

It rained at the scene, and the citizens who stayed in the sit-in opened their umbrellas.

A small material station appears on The Beauty Road, and the Buddha returns to the view of the area occupied by the Umbrella Movement
At around 11:07pm, the Government issued a statement that it would not withdraw the amendment and that the draft would go straight to the Second Reading of the Legislative Council on Wednesday. At the same time, student source, Hong Kong Independence Alliance and Hong Kong outside members of the General Political Council called on the public to launch a civil resistance to life, a peaceful sit-in until 12 June. Many members of the public clapped their hands in support, but some members of the public chose to leave after hearing the appeal. Some people who have left seem unsatisfied with the organization of the meeting, saying, "If you had said you would have stayed on the 12th, I would have left" and "why didn't you say it early, without any preparation".

After 11 o'clock, the atmosphere began to become more and more tense, there is information that a large number of riot police to the scene, will start to clear the scene. However, a large number of people remain. I have heard that some members of the public have decided to leave at least 12 no objection notices allowing the meeting to end after the end of the meeting time before looking at the developments and acting.

Riot police and the Rapid Dragon Squad are on the scene at 10/06 12:00-02:30 am
At about 12 a.m., riot police and a rapid dragon squad showed up in the Legislative Council car park, armed with long shields and batons, ready to clear the scene. A large number of remaining members of the public heard the news rushed to the scene and formed a line of defense in front of the police. At about 12:05am, about a dozen people wearing masks suddenly burst into a shouting, pushing down the iron horse and rushing towards the police line, and the outburst broke out.

The situation on the ground quickly became extremely chaotic. Inside and outside the scene ( including the outside lawn and the roundabout to Tima Park ) , some of the public responded to the front line . Less than five minutes later, the police raised the red flag and fired pepper spray and batons to drive away the demonstrators. At about 12:25 am, the Rapid Dragon Squad and riot police rushed out of the Legislative Council parking lot without warning or warning, and began brandishing batons to drive away all the people in the vicinity of the Legislative Council parking lot, including the peaceful sit-in, the public watching nearby, and even the journalists, all of them all roared and threatened to drive away. Members of the public ran away, during which a large number of smashes, shouts and objects collided, and tear gas.

After 12:30am, the police began to divide into the number of queues to the lawn outside the Legislative Council car park, Timma Park, CITIC Tower and Tami Road, to drive all the people who remained at the scene. Several media outlets filmed the officers armed with pepper spray, long shields, tear gas and even long guns. The public were divided into two groups, "Towards the Dragon and Road" and "Towards the Summer Road Overpass". In addition, according to media reports, at this time, led by the crowd of dozens of demonstrators are still sitting outside the general government.

At around 12:30-1:30am, hundreds of people gathered in Longhe Road were unable to return to the vicinity of the Legislative Council and began to build iron horses, water horses and debris on the roads, blocking the roads along the Long and Road. At one point the scene returned to the scene of the Umbrella Movement occupying the dragon and the road. At about 1:30 a.m., the Rapid Dragon Squad began to rush towards the Dragon and The Road, and the demonstrators continued to retreat.

1:30-2:00am The demonstrators have retreated from Longhe Street, Sub-Domain Pier Street and Domain Street near the Hong Kong Performing Arts Academy, and finally gathered on the road in the direction of The Bus Way to Chai Wan, blocking two lanes. The police began to send riot police to the scene, but no action was carried out. The two sides stood each other for nearly half an hour.

Demonstrators set up iron horses in Dragons and Roads

Finally, the retreater hit the road.

During the standoff, four cars were parked on the opposite road, and the owner gave supplies to the demonstrators
According to media reports , dozens of people who last stayed in the area of the Xia-Tao Road overpass were also evicted and returned to the Haifu Center . At this time, the people in the area of Ting Mei Road and Xia's Road have basically dispersed.

Riot police marched into the street and nearly 100 demonstrators were surrounded near the old police station in Wan Chai ( 10/06 02:30 am - 04:30 am )
At 2:30 a.m., riot police, led by the police, marched in unison and began to advance toward the demonstrators. Nearly 100 demonstrators retreated to the old police station in Wan Chai and were surrounded by police officers and could no longer leave the scene. The remaining 200 or so demonstrators retreated to the intersection of Hennessy Road and FerlingMing Road, where police arrived shortly afterwards and the demonstrators began to disperse.

Riot police began to push towards the citizens of the preacher's way.

The demonstrators helped each other, backed away.
3:00-4:00am, wan Chai Admiralty area is like a curfew, the police stopped all the people walking in the street, but also rushed into the private shop to try to get out of the guests. Until 4:30 a.m., there were still reports that police were still searching for demonstrators in the vicinity. At the same time , the Police began to speak to the demonstrators at the old Wan Chai Police Station , saying that as long as the police were allowed to search for body, not contraband, not wanted persons, and left personal data , they would be released , but the Police also said they would reserve the right to pursue the case .

At 4:30am, all demonstrations are over.