The officers suspected of possessing offensive weapons "Why is there so much water? Do you want to throw us?"

While the memory is still fresh, try to describe as little as possible without emotion, last night (or this morning) when the police cleared the scene of the reporter's situation (want to listen to the coarse version can be asked privately).

Speaking of the early morning when the golden bell began to have action, the boss assigned to fly from home to the scene reinforcements, take a taxi to reach the dragon and road about 1:30, when the Legislative Council has been blocked, the speed dragon with shields built into a line of defense to push the demonstrators to Central and Wan Chai, I was in the central side, when encountering the police line of defense position is about a little before the chief.

Then open the phone to do live, run to the police shield front about 5, 6 meters, found the scene similar to the demonstrators, less than 10 people, and then the police began to each step forward five or six steps of the way to push forward the line of defense, and has been to the presence of people drink "quick walk" and so on, I have kept a certain distance, in front of the line of defense shooting.

When this process is repeated several times, the police's "warning" begins to become strange, such as warning the people who are walking after the fall (he also said by electric power) "go down and carefully kill you" cloud, I went straight at the front with the camera pointing at the police officer, until the "black and white clothes all quickly go", "don't mess with trouble", in fact, it is blue and white clothes, but I am afraid that the so-called black and white room is to say that I, with the number of people in the audience, it seems that I also become the object of expulsion, I refer to the press armband strapped to my hands, indicating that "doing things", but the other side's drink ingenuity did not stop, but also paid a "no privilege."

As Far as I understand it , the police had referred to the activities of that night as an illegal assembly , but at that time , apart from the police officers , there were not more than five people ( including me ) who were not assembled , and even if the event was an illegal assembly , journalists would have the right to be interviewed in the presence , which is guaranteed by the Basic Law .

But at this point, the police began to shout and abuse, repeatedly pushed my back with a shield, and after I pulled them away, I took out the interview card and showed it to the police.

"I have an interview card from a government-sanctioned media organization, and I have no intention of obstructing the police at all, but I would like to ask, "Where is your line of defence?" 」

But the response to the results, just you don't get in the way of work" and "too many people drink, and then a police officer who appears to be a higher-ranking officer (no misreading is San chai) asked me "Do you have a press card?") and asked me "not to stand in front of the police line".

I had to respond, I was always in front of the police line, he said "I don't want to talk to you", and then asked me to go, and tried to reach for the press card.

I stressed that I could "show you", but could not take it away, the other side said "I can't see clearly", so I reported the name and name of the agency, the other side only repeated "I can't see clearly", and then suddenly issued a difficulty, referring to "suspected possession of offensive weapons", asked to hand over the identity card and interview card.

I asked the other side to account for the so-called "suspicion" reasons, he drink "I have a reasonable doubt", the matter has been so I have only co-operation, but at this time the police assigned about four people to bring me aside, others continue to push their line of defense, I asked to continue the interview, the other side pulled my backpack and shouted "you do not go", and then the square 10 meters in addition to the police, only one hand with a telephone broadcast, the other hand to "cooperate with law enforcement" to take out the backpack.

Since I was on the scene in the early hours of the morning , I bought five pieces of water in advance for distribution to colleagues present , and the officer who was " reasonably suspected of possession of an offensive weapon " saw the water in his backpack and asked , " Why is there so much water ? Do you want to throw us ? " I replied , bought it for his colleagues to drink .

The so-called search ended up sloppy, after turning over the backpack there was no real "search", and of course did not find any offensive weapons, and then the police begged me to put the items back in the backpack and immediately leave.

Since my left hand has been holding the phone to continue live, the right hand to accept items difficult, the police officers repeatedly yelled at me "hurry", "you alone hinder the whole progress", and some police officers told me "you do not shake hands", I explained that I have been using a single hand to put five 1.5 liters of water back into the backpack, the police officer asked me "how do you do one hand", i am not too lazy to respond, just say "you do it well."

After about 5 minutes, this so-called "search" is over, the police pushed me away, by them pushing forward the defense line of the chief executive to open, to "search" after the position has been to the Central Ferris wheel, I hope to know how big the police line of defense is of course no answer, and in the process of leaving, there are police officers in the back said "son of the dove", "doing boring things", I said "just something boring".

This process depends on the memory may have details in and out, but so, interested in the position news can look for live clips, it is said that the camera shook very hard.

In addition to this "alleged possession of offensive weapons", I also saw a group of police officers holding shields on the ifc flyover, while advancing the line of defense while drinking and swearing, and the objects in front of them were all journalists, yes, all journalists, because each of them I knew, they also wore reflective vests or wearing press cards.

After the Central incident, I went to the Old Wan Chai Police Station to film the clearance, due to the large number of reporters at the scene, there are police in blue vests "media liaison team" on the scene to coordinate, they have been saying trouble "journalist friends" such as "journalist friends".

Impressively, when the police registered their personal data and took photographs, they escorted the demonstrators at the scene, one of the officers walked away, saying "cause" in the ear of a demonstrator, "Not going home so late", and then the demonstrator replied, but I don't know, the police officer said " back, you listen to you." 」

This process, I stood next to the police officers, shot clear, when the police officer's colleagues patted him said "good", the police officer back to find the camera put the demonstrators, disappeared into the crowd; 」

There are also a large number of experts reflect, was blocked the lens, flashlight lens, indicating identity was pushed by the shield, was forcibly driven away and so on.

In fact, this kind of interview experience, in the north of the Shenzhen River often meet, just did not expect, in Hong Kong will experience once again, and I am afraid, there will be many, many times in the future.