Hong Kong 01 after 612: Change has already occurred

Although the "612 occupation" has failed, it has actually brought about change in Hong Kong, and this change is mainly ideological.

First, he broke the core idea of "democratic return" of the Pan-People's Democratic People's Republic and the stake, leaving many of the yellow silks who have long believed that democracy saved China were in deep contradiction. You've brought democracy to China, and there will be democracy in Hong Kong? You've got a stick before you've finished talking.

Otherthan, the traditional lazy-west hypocrisy of the Pan-People's Congress man finally learned what he should do in the present harsh environment. After this service, many Pan-People's Councillors won a little votes, such as The God. Regardless of the sincere calculation, politicians should be like god-like and practical action to seize votes. You almost fainted, such a ticket is yours;

Third, he broke the traditional yellow-wire thinking that had long held that as long as you demonstrated peacefully and rationally, you would not be beaten. Many people, including my own Facebook people who don't care much about current events, should have experienced one thing yesterday: "Whether they are throwing things in peace and quiet, they are a thousand dollars in the eyes of the totalitarian;

Fourth, he also soothed the harsh atmosphere of peaceful rationality and the struggle to fight each other and hostility. It can be said that the "612 occupation" in Hong Kong peace and rationality and the struggle of the two camps of cooperation. This side of the box has been the brave resistance to laugh at the ye want to play a strange role in the front line, the other side of the box has always believed that the brave resistance will frame their own peaceful rational demonstrators finally put down their ideological baggage, to the police scum to fight back. As far as the future of Hong Kong is concerned, the two camps complement each other and cooperate in a beautiful affair - if it can be continued;

Finally, he officially revolutionised the traditional pan-democratic social transport station's only-dominant style. Basically, fewer and fewer on-site protesters will heed the station, but the station still has its value: as one of the main information delivery and leisure centers on the scene. Pan-people taiwan compared to the safe area, when you tired can run there things, give a few applause themselves, comfort yourself.

Panmin in the back of the class logistics support team, the protesters in front of the meat fight. The peaceful rational gesture of the Pan-People attracts outside support for the protesters, and the actions of the protesters bring political or negotiating chips to the Pan-People. For a common goal, we all do their part, this is true solidarity, and I personally very much hope that this unity will continue.