My daughter asked if the people-in-black are bad guys, and I answered this…

Papa, Papa, check out the TV, some people are being chased! Are those people-in-black bad guys?
On June 12th, even though we have consensus in the company to strike, as a professional, I still had to complete my work. I worked till four something in the afternoon. As I picked up my wife and my five and a half year old daughter to go home, we passed by somewhere with a television showing live situation of the protest, in which peaceful protestors attempted to surround the Legislative Council Complex but were getting removed by the police. My daughter asked me the question above.


Are those people-in-black bad guys?
No, Baby. Those people are the police.
My wife said matter-of-factly, as I contemplated how to answer.

Aren’t the police good guys? Those people-in-black are scary…Oh no! A person was just standing there, then the people-in-black tackled him and beat him up together! Why is there no police to protect the people?
Baby, just like there are good guys and bad guys, there are good police and bad police. You will understand when you grow up.
But mommy, teacher taught us that it is the police’s responsibility to protect citizens. These people-in-black who beat up normal people and citizens are definitely not the police!
My wife could only do a forced smile and pat my daughter’s head.

Baby, do you remember last time you got sick, but didn’t want to take the medicine and threw a tantrum? Right now, these police are sick as you were. The people want to help them, remind them to take the medicine, but these police have gotten a very strong virus that confused them so much that they don’t know what they are doing, lose their temper and beat people up.
It’s the fault of the medicine that tastes bad!
Freewill, wisdom and compassion give us the ability to not live simply like livestock inside a fence until we die, but the freedom to exercise these things could be bitter medicine to some…
Papa, what are you talking about? Freedom is like those big orange pills that taste really bad?
Darling, it is too early to tell Baby these things. She won’t understand yet.
Haha, sorry. Baby, freedom is like…if you have to choose between your favorite chicken wings and your least favorite bell peppers, which one would you want for dinner?
Chicken wings!
But what if Papa only let you choose bell peppers?
Why? I don’t want bell peppers, I want chicken wings!
Baby, freedom allows you to choose chicken wings. Forcing you to choose only bell peppers is called taking away your freedom.
So freedom is not medicine that tastes bad but instead is chicken wings?
Not exactly…
Are you still talking? Hurry up and come inside.
As I was still teaching my daughter about freedom, my wife rushed us into the gates of our building.

Papa, the 16th is Father’s Day!
My daughter pointed at the poster about Father’s Day activities on the notice board.

Papa, what do you want for Father’s Day, Freedom Chicken Wings?
Baby, are you going to make it for Papa?
Yes! But Papa, you have to buy the wings that day, and you better buy a lot! Also buy more for later!
Okay. The 16th, and later on freedom, chicken wings, Papa will give you everything.
Darling, you…I will watch Baby that day. Remember to buy chicken wings for her. Don’t be reckless, be careful out there.
Thank you, honey.
Father’s Day came from the gratitude to fathers for their love, support and teachings. If fathers never sacrificed for their children, why should there be gratitude? I am going to give my children the 16th, and the chicken wings which will be named Freedom in the future. This is my “Father’s Day Declaration.” To keep my promise, I will execute “Operation Father’s Day.”


June 16th, 2019
Hong Kong
Operation Father’s Day
Protect Freedom
Protect The Future Of Our Children