I’m a doctor in the ER, please read to protect yourself

Hi everyone, I’m a doctor at the ER.

I believe everyone has already seen the news about protestors getting arrested after going to the hospital.

And I believe everyone who saw the post by Doctor X should know how to handle themselves. Link: [post above]

But I saw this screencap soon after, and the term disaster code appeared, what is it?

That’s why I want to share a little more information with everyone.

1. Doctor X is correct. We, as doctors, fix your injuries, do not need to, and do not want to know who beat you up, where and why. The only thing I need to know is wether it is an impact by a hard object/a scratch on the skin/injury by falling down, etc. So there is no need to share so much with us doctors and the nurses.
2. There really is a thing called disaster code. From what I gathered, if you tell me you got injured in these major incidents, then we have to mark it down. The official answer is that it’s for Hospital Authority to collect statistics about how many people checked into hospital, checked out, how many light and serious injuries. Hospital Authority should only know the counts, but not the personal information. But I heard rumours that they actually know the patients’ names, and police has the power to get these names. I cannot fact check on this, sorry. (I personally believe Hospital Authority would not be so fucked up as to leak this information to the police. If they did leak the information, it would come to light in court. This illegal evidence collection would be exposed and Hospital Authority would be in deep shit. Disclaimer: I’m really not sure)
3. If an unfortunate comrade got caught by the police, and have to see the doctor, the police would take out a form called polo 42. This form is to get the approval from the comrade. If you sign this form, it means you give the doctor approval to disclose your information and injury. They would ask you to sign this form even before you see the doctor. Somehow I got wind that police has gotten so low as to fake signatures, or they would threaten you, “you said you want to check your injuries by a doctor, you would not get a medical report if you don’t sign this.” I want to tell everyone, polo 42 and medical report are separate things. Even if you don’t sign polo 42, I can still issue a medical report, you just have to apply through the hospital.
That’s why I have the following suggestions.

Since the source of the problem is the disaster code, everyone just have to avoid it. Then even if Hospital Authority is fucked up and betrays patients with this code, they have no one to betray. How to avoid this? Doctor X and I already said clearly, you don’t have to tell me who beat you and why. As long as you don’t say it’s related to the protests, how would we know you went to Admiralty :)

Of course, there is a bug with this method. If your injuries are serious, for example you are blinded by the beating, then you cannot seek compensation from the police. So you have to evaluate how to portray this. The key thing is, as a doctor, I always believe in the patient. I’ll just write down whatever you said :)

Another thing I want to tell all my colleagues, please double check if it is really the patient’s own signature on the polo 42. You can ask the patient directly, “if you sign this, I have to disclose your injuries and information to the police, are you really sure?” Asking this might cause a few more seconds, but you could save a comrade. Thank you.

Last thing.

God save my city.