[Anti-extradition bill demo] ‘I refuse to see it fall’: Records of Hong Kong by a 25-year-old Guangzhou protester

On 9th June, the Civil Human Rights Front organized a rally against the On 9th June, the Civil Human Rights Front organized a rally against the amendments to the extradition bill proposed by the Hong Kong government. Police estimated 153,000 people to have started off from Victoria Park, whereas scholar Frances Ting-ming Lui estimated a total figure of 199,500 as of 4.45 p.m. (Translator’s note: The organizer estimated that 1.03 million had participated in the rally.) Apart from the local protesters who yelled “No China Extradition” in Cantonese, it was observed by reporters that many Mandarin-speakers joined the demonstration.

Nathan, 25, was one of them. The mechanical worker came from Jiangsu (a Chinese province) and is now living in Guangzhou. This time, he made his trip to Hong Kong in purpose to use his camera to record the rally — Hong Konger’s anti-extradition demonstration. “You Hong Kongers have no fear of death,” sighed Nathan, while expressing that he felt “a sense of solidarity” despite his limited knowledge of Cantonese.


Nathan, 25, who was from mainland China and did not understand Cantonese, decided to record the rally with his camera. (Photo: HK01 reporter)
Once had “arranged talks” with officials from MSS

He shared his own experience confronting the Chinese official with us: he had once mentioned and forwarded some news which were regarded as “sensitive” in mainland China on WeChat, the most popular messenger app in China, and was later invited to “arranged talks” with Guo’ans — the officials from the Ministry of State Security of China. This, which he deemed would possibly threaten his family’s safety, was the reason why Nathan chose to wear a pair of sunglasses to avoid being identified in the protest. He also rejected our request to photograph.

Nathan said he has been to Hong Kong quite a few times since middle school and thinks the city has retained some elements of Chinese traditional culture that were long lost in China. In the end, he stated the importance of “cherishing Hong Kong,” reiterating how he really was “afraid to see the city fall.”