[Anti-extradition protest] Parents take to the streets with children to protect freedom for future generations

(Stringer report by inmediahk) Parents brought along their children as they took to the streets against the extradition bill.

Mr. and Mrs. Wong attended the protest with their daughter. Mr. Wong said that the consultation period for the extradition bill was too short and the discrepancy between the judicial systems of Hong Kong and China is simply too great. “If the bill is passed, more ‘evil law’ will ensue in the future,” he said. He criticized the Hong Kong government for being accountable only to China, citing examples such as the Occupy Movement and the disqualification of Legislative Councilors in recent years. He thought that Hong Kong citizens have harboured grievances, and should take this chance to stand their ground and voice them out along with thousands of people despite the uncertainty of the outcome. He explained the bill to his daughter, hoping that she could understand that “one should voice out in face of injustice.”
Mrs. Hui attended the demonstration with her 8-year-old son, who held a hand-drawn graphic cardboard which shows “black-hearted Carrie (the current Chief Executive of HKSAR),” and a sign with the slogan “I am an honest, good child. I want to live happily. I don’t want to live in fear.” When asked about the reason for attending the demonstration, the child stated that he was “against the extradition bill” for “if it is passed, people will be taken away for no reason.”
Chan’s family took part in the demonstration. Mr. Chan said that he came out today to defend freedom of speech for the next generations. His generation no longer has that much time to live, he said laughingly, but he does not want to see future generations losing their rights and freedom. He thought that Hong Kong still has the freedom for peaceful assemblies and for talking about the June Fourth incident. Yet if the bill is passed, the next generation will “not have the courage to speak out”; rather they will “live in fear of extradition to China.” He further said that he attended the protest today with his family just so his son could understand that “freedom is something you fight for yourself.”
Mr. Lau attended the demonstration with his daughter. He thought that the bill would affect every social stratum in Hong Kong, and worried that capital withdrawal by international businesses would push young people into unemployment. He said that he came out today to safeguard freedom of speech for the future generations. “I did tell my daughter about the June Fourth incident. I hope she knows that China is not a democratic place, and we do not want Hong Kong to become so.”
Mr. and Mrs. Yiu also took part in the demonstration with their children. He had participated in protests before, but this is the first time he brought his children with him. He condemned the amendment proposed by the government as forceful and cruel, “with blatant disregard for public opinion.” When asked about the reason for attending this demonstration, he indicated that “concern for future generations” was not the sole, primary reason: “When you love a place, you would simply be willing to stand up for it.” he answered. He dared not speculate the outcome of the march, for “the government has always neglected public opinion, and it is us who should cherish our chances to voice out while we still can!”