An Apology Statement to The People of Hong Kong

To the People of Hong Kong,

Please accept our most sincerely and heartfelt apology for the inconvenience that we have caused in the past two weeks. We regret that after multiple peaceful rallies and demonstration with over one million protestors, and after a young man gave up his precious life in hope that our Chief Executive would meet the people’s demands, we were only met with false responds and attempts of diversion. In order to achieve our goal and prevent the government’s further attempts to delay, we regret to announce the possiblity of an esculation to our actions.

For the safety of the general public, we hereby advise:
1. Avoid traveling to Admiralty and Hong Kong Government Headquarters on June 20 and 21.
2. When encountering protestors during your commune, please kindly let us know that you are passing through, we will try our best to assist you.

If you wish to join our rally, please be reminded to stay alert and protect yourself at all time:1. Wear light and protective clothing, such as trousers and sneakers
2. Prepare extra clothing and protective equipment, such as masks, umbrellas, and goggles (swimming goggles are also suitable)
3. Bring sufficient water and rations
4. Remember, be steadfast at heart with a clear mind, and be ready to improvise

Due to the police’s violent repression on June 12, we would like to warn all particiants that certain level of risks may be involved. While we will continue to uphold the principle of “No Blood, No Injuries, No Arrests”, we encourage particpants to protect fellow demonstrators to your best abilities when needed.

Furthermore, we would like to call upon all sectors to donate supplies. For further details, please look out for the supply depots’ announcements.

We never intend to make enemies with the people of Hong Kong or the Hong Kong Police. It is unfortunate that our peaceful attempts were met with trickery and avoidance. With heavy hearts, we now embark on the path of eculating our actions as a last resort. We urge Chief Executive Carrie Lam to uphold her promises made during the election in 2017, accept and take action on meeting our demands.

OUR DEMANDS REMAINS UNCHANGED:
1. Complete Withdrawal of the Extrdition Bill
2. Unconditional release of demonstrators
3. Revoke the “Riot” label for the demonstration on June 12, 2019
4. Prosecution of police officers who used execessive force under a transparent, fair and public trial

No Retreat Without Withdrawal! God Bless Hong Kong!



The People of Hong Kong