Pregnancy doesn’t stop me from protesting: ‘If I knew that the bill was going to be amended, I wouldn’t have considered giving birth to a child’

Protesters with babies and children are not rare amongst the anti-extradition bill demonstration. Many joined the protest due to their concerns and worries for the future generations. Mrs Chu, who’s a few months pregnant, said, “If I knew that this would happen, I believe we wouldn’t consider having children. We can’t even offer them basic safety protections.” Susan, one of the housewives using pink linen as flags in the demonstration, claimed “we want people to know that even though we’re busy housewives, we can think independently, we can speak freely. We are the role models who can let the young know how urgent the matter is. If we don’t stand up now, there might not be another chance.”

Mrs Chu, a post-80s mother-to-be, joined the protest with her husband and parents. Walking among the crowd with her unborn baby, she was asked the reason for joining the protest. “I can’t think of any reason not to stand up,” she said. She also mentioned that the unborn child is not a burden but a motivation instead, ‘I was here at the protest with my husband on 28th April. If I knew that this would happen, I don’t think people would consider having children. We can’t even provide them with basic safety. The living environment in Hong Kong is already ridiculous. Now that basic human rights might be denied, I see no reason why I shouldn’t stand up and let my voice be heard.’

Some people consider emigrating to other countries if the amendments pass. Mrs Chu admitted that she had considered the same. “It is quite a struggle, we are the ‘middle’ generation — stuck between the young and the old. The older generation is deeply rooted in Hong Kong and they do not wish to leave; on the other hand, our children are still too young. We feel quite helpless and do not know if we should go or not. Of course we want to leave for the sake of our kids. But what about our parents?”

Mrs Chu’s parents also joined the demonstration today. A sexagenarian who was born in Hong Kong, Mrs Wong said that all her family members are in this together, although they did not join every single protest since the large-scale July 1 demonstration in 2003. She said that this time they did not come because of anger.

“We actually feel more hopeless after the Occupy Central movement. More hopeless,” she said. “I really think that this might be the very last time. I could not justify myself to the next generation if I do not join the protest.”

Having said that, Mrs Wong still has hope: “There is a silver lining; I wish the government can talk with us, and try to understand the citizens in Hong Kong. Most of the Hong Kong people are good and honest. No one wants to make any trouble.” Having lived in Hong Kong with her husband for over 60 years, she said, “we all want to keep living in a relatively just society. But honestly, it has changed. Even though it’s not even 2047, it has [changed].”