For love and responsibility: Expats protesting alongside Hong Kong peers

Last Sunday, Hong Kong people dressed in white in support of the rally against the extradition bill. There were many foreign faces in the crowds. These individuals, while not born in Hong Kong, consider the city their home and do not want Hong Kong to become just another ordinary Chinese city. Enduring the hot weather, they chose to express themselves and marched alongside the locals.


Vladi (On the left) and his Hong-Kong girlfriend, Ching, who is a freelance writer. “He loves Hong Kong more than I do.” She told us and admitted that she wanted to leave and study abroad before meeting him, “but since knowing him, I feel strongly that Hong Kong is my home. Even a foreigner would regard Hong Kong as his home and would like to stay here, I… In fact, this is my first ever protest.” (Photo by Ng; edited by )
Among the crowd, there was a 28 year-old young man with curly brown hair, holding a cardboard sign saying “CHINA HANDS OFF OUR HOME.” He is Vladi from Ukraine who works in the I.T. industry. Despite having been in Hong Kong for just a year, Vladi told reporters that he had already fallen in love with the vibrancy and freedom of this city and would like to stay. The Hong Kong government forcibly put forward the extradition bill amendment saddened him. “I think Hong Kong is losing her freedom as time elapses. I don’t want my freedom to be deprived after some time. Demonstrating is one of the ways to express my discontent.”

He pointed out that this was his first ever demonstration and he had never participated in any protests before, even in Ukraine. The reason why he decided to take to the streets was that he had already deemed Hong Kong as his home. “I wish to stay here and I feel that I must do something to protect my home.”

Vladi described the closeness he felt in Hong Kong. “To me, this is the right place to stay as the locals are very energetic. They are more motivated than Westerners so it is stressful living here. You have to work harder, but your hard work is recognised. I love Hong Kong as the city motivates me to work hard.” He said living in Europe was more relaxing than in Asia. Europeans did not need to endeavor a lot but still could enjoy a comfortable life. He added, “But I don’t like this way of living. I want to achieve as much as I can in my life.” He wanted to accomplish something, namely to establish a research organization. He explained it was difficult to do so in Ukraine comparing Hong Kong. “Not many people from Ukraine are interested in innovation.”

Besides this, Vladi acknowledged that Hong Kong was different from other cities in China as he had been to China many times. He was deprived of his rights once and thus knew about the genuine conditions in China. He raised an example about his trip to Xinjiang two to three years ago. He was restricted from visiting some areas and his mobile sim card had been cut off. When he tried to file a complaint to the local officials, he only got some fabricated excuses such as poor network connection.

His concerns about the extradition bill amendment came from China. “If I stay in Hong Kong, I don’t want myself ending up apologizing on China’s national broadcast TV some day.” He was also worried about surrendering. He stated that China had a very ambiguous definition of criminal offence, “I don’t think the law in China is fair to everyone.”


Carrying a tote bag in red, white and blue stripes (local signature color and pattern) , with an “Apple Daily” Umbrella, Masuda Kanae from Japan joined the “anti-extradition to China” demonstration with her local friends. (Photo by Ng)
Carrying a tote bag in red, white and blue stripes (local signature color and pattern) , with an “Apple Daily” Umbrella, Masuda Kanae from Japan joined the “anti-extradition to China” demonstration with her local friends. Madusa works in a Japanese magazine publishing company. When she came to Hong Kong for work one and a half years ago, she was immediately hypnotized by the language and culture. “I really love Cantonese.” Madusa said. She hoped to stay here and had started to learn Cantonese. To her, the local elements in Cantonese were very unique, “My colleagues told me that Hong Kong is becoming more identical to China. Perhaps Hong Kong would lose its unique identity in 30 years — Hong Kongers will no longer speak Cantonese. I don’t want this to happen, so I learn Cantonese.”

Masuda mentioned that in Japan, many Japanese learned Chinese — mostly Mandarin instead of Cantonese — and have worked and lived in China, yet most knew very little about Hong Kong. Masuda also pointed out that even Japanese who lived in Hong Kong might not know what was going on here. She managed to make friends with a handful of locals when she first arrived and got to understand the current affairs. From time to time, she learned that Hong Kong was different from China. In order to explain the happenings in Hong Kong to her Japanese friends, she started up a Facebook page called “Kanatin in Hong Kong” which she would share miscellaneous about Hong Kong in Japanese.

Masuda talked of her experience at last Tuesday‘s June Fourth vigil. She participated in the candlelight vigil in Victoria Park and wrote a post to explain its significance to the Japanese community. She mentioned that Hong Kong was the only place to organize public June Fourth vigil in China. Acknowledging the differences in terms of the freedom of speech between China and Hong Kong, she stood against the amendment of the extradition bill. “Many Japanese may not even know about this demonstration. I feel like I represent Japan by joining this demonstration.”