[HK69 610 Anti-Extradition Bill] Police’s clearance with the use of force: A Protest Report from 9 June evening to 10 June morning

Do you remember this scene in Lung Wo Road [in 2014 Umbrella Movement]? This is a 2019 version.

From 9 June till the dawn of 10 June, I had been following the entire anti-extradition protest. Below is my report, analysed. Unfortunately, being merely a citizen journalist, I do not own a press pass, so I was not able to stand in the front-line to take the clearest picture, my apologies.

[9 June 09:30pm till 00:00am] Civil Human Rights Front Declared the Termination whilst Demosistō Called on Citizens to Stay Behind

Civil Human Rights Front (CHRF) initiated an anti-extradition bill protest on 9 June which brought a massive population to the streets and made the metro service stop for stations including Tin Hau, Causewaybay, and Wan Chai due to the excessive crowd. Some protesters had to make their way on foot from Fortress Hill, which is 2 metro stations away from the starting point. At around 9:30 pm, CHRF claimed the number of protesters reached 1.03 million, accounting for the highest number since the hand-over, breaking the historical record.

At around 9:50pm, CHRF announced that the assembly had come to an end, despite that protesters were still getting into the Civic Square, still not having the end of the demonstrating crowd seen. At the same time, Demosistō, a youngster-lead political party, was urging citizens to stay in front of the Central Government Complex until the government agreed to open up for conversation and halt the law amendment. At around 10:20pm, the last batch of protesters finally reached the terminal. Those who stayed behind started to gather around the Central Government Complex, Tim Mei Avenue, Admiralty Centre, and near the Legislative Council Complex carpark. Estimated by eye, there were more than a thousand of them. The scene was peaceful, and people seemed to be awaiting the government’s response.


It was drizzling. Sit-in protesters opened up their umbrellas.


“Supply station: Collecting and feel free to use.” “How about not leaving tonight?”

Supplies stalls in Tim Mei Avenue. It was like travelling back in time to the Umbrella Movement.

At 11:07pm, the government made their pronouncement that they would not take back the amendment of the law and were going to resume the Second Reading Debate on the Bill on 12 June. Meanwhile, Studentlocalism, Alliance of Resuming British Sovereignty over Hong Kong and Independence, and Demosistō urged citizens to start off another round of protest in the form of civil disobedience, sitting-in peacefully until 12 June. A lot of protesters applauded, while some decided to leave. One who decided to leave said, “ if I knew earlier that they are staying till the 12th, I would have been gone sooner”, and another questioned why they had not announced that sooner since he did not have any preparation beforehand. It looked like they were not extremely satisfied with the arrangement.

After 11pm, atmosphere intensified. Sources said a bunch of riot control police had arrived and would clear up the scene. I heard some protesters chose to stay until at least midnight, the time indicated in Letter of No Objection, a document issued by the police for assemblies, as the ending time of the protest.


[10 June 00:00am-02:30am] Police’s Eviction with Riot Control and Special Tactical Squad

At around 12 midnight, Riot Control and Special Tactical Squad turned up, armed with shields and batons, ready for clearance. Having heard this, many of those who stayed behind rushed to the scene and formed a line of defence against the police. At around 12:05am, a dozen or more of the protesters, wearing masks, stirred up a commotion, pushed over metal barricades, trying to break the police’s defence line. A charge was broken out.

The scene had become chaos. All (including those on the lawn on the outside and those on the turnaround slope towards TamarPark) started bellowing, and some charged at the front line. In less than 5 minutes, the police held the red flag warning, followed by pepper spraying and baton charging. At around 12:25 am, Riot Control and Special Tactical Squad dashed out of the LegCo carpark without prior notice and warning, forcefully waving their batons to evict those around the carpark. Regardless of whether they were peaceful sit-in protesters, those who were merely watching beside, or even reporters, all of them were being threatened and evicted. Protesters ran backwards, sounds of smashing, bellowing and collision were heard. Tear-gas was thrown.



After 12:30am, the police force was divided into several squads, which headed towards the lawn outside the car park, Tamar Park, Citic Tower, and Tim Mei Avenue respectively, aiming to evict all protesters. Several news media had captured the police equipped with pepper spray, riot shield and long gun. At the moment, protesters ran backwards in two directions, to Lung Wo Road and Harcourt Road respectively. In addition, according to media report, a batch of protesters led by Demosistō was still sitting outside the Government Central Complex.

Between 12:30am-1:30am, hundreds of protesters who were assembling in Lung Wo Road were not able to get back to the area around LegCo, and started to pile up metal barricades, water-filled barriers and some other objects, trying to block roads near Lung Wo Road. The scene was brought back to the days of the Umbrella Movement. At around 1:30am, the Riot Control Squad charged to Lung Wo Road, protesters kept retreating.

From 1:30am-2:00am, protesters retreated to Lung Hop Street, then Fenwick Pier Street, Fenwick Street,The Hong Kong Academy of Performing Arts, and lastly Gloucester Road towards Chai Wan. Riot control police were assigned to the scene, but no action was demonstrated. The two sides were in a standoff for almost half an hour.


Protesters piling up metal barricades in Lung Wo Road.


Retreated to Gloucester Road.


During the standoff, four cars stopped at the opposite side of the road, car owners distributed supplies to protesters.

According to media, during this period of time, those who stayed at the Harcourt Road bridge were evicted to Admiralty Centre. While protesters in Tim Mei Avenue and Harcourt Road had all dispersed.

[10 June 02:30am to 04:30 am] Riot Control charged to Gloucester Road, Near 100 protesters were surrounded by police near the Old Wan Chai Police Station

At 2:30 am, the Riot Control squad lined up horizontally, holding riot shields, marching towards protesters. Around a hundred of the protesters retreated further to near Old Wan Chai Police station, until they were surrounded and could not escape. The other 200 of the protesters retreated to Hennessy Road cross Fleming Road, and stayed until the police arrived.


Riot Control police moving towards Gloucester Road


Protesters helping out one another, retreating.

From 3:00am to 4:00am, Wan Chai and Admiralty felt as if under a curfew. Police checked on all citizens on the streets, and even attempted to boot customers from shops. Until before 4:30am, there were still sources claiming that police were arresting protesters. Meanwhile, the police said to protesters that as long as protesters agreed to be body-searched, did not have contraband with them, were not a wanted criminal, and agreed to leave their personal information, they would be freed, but the police would reserve the right to take legal action.

At 4:30 am, all protesters were evicted. Clearance completed.