I took bottles of water with me and Hong Kong police accused me of hiding dangerous weapons

I am trying to recall my personal experience during the police clearance on June 9th late night as objectively as I can. It was almost midnight when I received my editor’s call for duty. I hopped on a taxi and got to Lung Wo Road. By the time I arrived, it was already 1:30 am on June 10th and the Legislative Council Complex was already blockaded by the police. Their emergency unit, equipped with riot shields, had formed into rows and were pushing protesters back towards Wan Chai and Central, where I encountered the police (just around the Chief Executive’s Office.)

I then took out my phone to livestream what was happening: There were fewer than 10 protesters in the area when the police pushed forward. “Get out of our way!” The police yelled at those present — in spite of the fact that we were keeping a 5 to 6 meter distance from them.

After some back and forth, the police started to issue strange “warnings”; for instance, he sarcarstically teased “You’re fucking gonna trip and die” to a protester who was walking backwards and also filming. I continued to film the police as they pushed, until I got shouted at myself, “the one in black and white stripes, leave immediately,” “don’t make trouble.” It was in fact a blue and white striped shirt, but I’m afraid they were referring to me. As the protesters dwindled, I appear to become a target of the purge. I pointed to my reporter armband to indicate that I was working; not only did they not stop yelling, they also added “journalists get no privileges!”

The policemen claimed that what had been going on was an unlawful assembly and that was why they were taking the clearance action. However, there were fewer than 5 people left (myself included), which wasn’t even enough to be called an assembly. Furthermore, a journalist’s right to reporting is protected by the Basic Law regardless of whether the assembly was lawful or unlawful. My previous experience was that journalists were never stopped from reporting inside the cordon. Even when the police blockade the scene, we, as journalists, could still report as long as we stay behind the blockade line.

To my understanding, the police claimed that what had been going on was an unlawful assembly. However, at that point in time there were only 5 people (including myself) at the scene who were not part of the police. It should not have constituted an “assembly.” Even if it were, the media would have had the right to report, as guaranteed by the Basic Law as journalists’ right to reporting. Per experience, in most cases, journalists with proper identification should be able to traverse law enforcement designated areas. Even in the event of the law enforcement putting the location on lockdown, there should be no problem for journalists to conduct interviews behind the line of cordon.

Nonetheless, police kept yelling at me and shoving their shields against my back. I backed up and showed my press pass to them again.

“I’m holding a registered press pass and I have no intention to disturb the police. I just want to know where the line of cordon is and I’ll stay behind.”

Yet, the only response I got was the growl of the police, “don’t interfere with our enforcement”. A senior police officer (seemingly a sergeant) then came over, asked if I had a press pass and claimed that I was not allowed to stay behind the line cordon.

I explained that I had been “in front of” the line of cordon this whole time and the senior officer responded “I’m not trying to play with definitions here,” as he demanded that I walk up and attempted to grab my media badge from me. I refused to give him my badge and insisted I can only present it to him. When he said he could not see the badge, I volunteered my name and publication. After repeating “I can’t see it” a few times, he abruptly said “I suspect that you are carrying an aggressive weapon” and asked for my I.D. card and press pass.

I asked for the justification for such a claim. He answered loudly, “This is a reasonable suspicion.” At this point, I had little choice but to cooperate, following 4 policemen as they took me aside. The rest of the police kept moving forward with the cordon. I requested to continue my reporting but they pulled on my backpack and shouted “Don’t run away!”

Looking around, I was the only one left. I was livestreaming with my phone with one hand, and cooperating with the police’s search of my belongings with the other. In my bag were 5 bottles of water I prepared for my colleagues who had been reporting the protest before me, as my shift had only started at midnight. I got interrogated by the same senior police officer, asking: “Why have you got so many bottles of water with you? Are you planning on attacking us?”

“They are for my colleagues,” I replied.

This so called “searching” was rashly done and I didn’t get a so-called “pat down”, and of course nothing harmful was found in my bag. The police then demanded that I pack my things and leave immediately.

Since I was holding my phone with my left hand to continue livestreaming, I was slow in my right hand trying to pack my stuff back into the bag. Several policemen bombarded me in the process.

“Hurry up!”

“You are holding up everything!”

“Why are your hands shaking?”

I explained I had to move five 1.5L bottles of water with just one hand, and they demanded, ”Why are you using one hand?” I could not be bothered to respond and just said “I’m sure you know exactly what you are doing.”

The whole “searching” process lasted for around 5 minutes. And while I was pushed away to a certain distance and was leaving, of course, my questioning as to where exactly their line of cordon extends to was met with no response.I heard a few of them saying “such a silly guy” in an insulting manner, “he is doing something (recording) really pointless.”

I replied, “You’re right, it [the search] was really pointless…”

I tried to rely on my memory to report as accurately as possible. You may refer to the livestream recording link for your reference, but it might be shaky.

Apart from my personal experience of being accused of possessing offensive weapons, I witnessed another team of police with shields pushing and yelling at a group of fellow journalists on the footbridge next to IFC (International Financial Centre in Central). I recognised every single one of these journalists, all wearing their media passes or reflective safety vests.

After this incident in Central, I moved on to livestream the police clearance of protesters in Wan Chai. On this side in Wan Chai, there were designated “media liaisons” from the police coordinating the journalists as there were quite a number of us, instructing us this way and that, addressing us as “folks.”

What really struck me was that while the protesters were being searched, their IDs being recorded and taken away, I overheard a policeman taunting one protester, “look at you, stirring up trouble,” “staying out so late, not getting home.” He even threatened the protester, “Don’t you dare talk back to me, I’m gonna remember your face.”

I was standing right next to them and had recorded the whole incident. Meanwhile, his colleague patted his shoulder, saying “that’s enough.” He turned around and noticed me recording, then released the protester and disappeared into the crowd. Not long after, he came to us again to adjust the area of cordon, but this time saying, “Thank you, folks! Thank you so much.”

Many fellow journalists recounted instances of having cameras blocked or flashed with torch light, getting pushed by riot shields after indicating they are reporting, and being forcefully kicked out.

While similar reporting experience isn’t uncommon just north of the Shenzhen river in mainland China, I just never expected to experience it in Hong Kong. Unfortunately, this is just the first of many more to come.