Post-612 Hong Kong — Changes have taken place

People may regard “612 occupation” in vain, but in fact, changes have been found in Hong Kong — a change in thoughts.

Firstly, it shattered the ideology of pan-democrats and Hong Kong Alliance to achieve a democratic handover (to China). Many “yellow-ribboners”* who insisted on saving China with democratic reforms were put into deep self-contradiction. Do you still believe achieving democracy in China in prior to Hong Kong possible? You can barely finish the sentence before the baton strikes.

Secondly, the traditionally lazy and hypocritical pan-dems finally realized their role amidst the adverse circumstances. Therefore, quite a number of pan-democrats won votes in this battle, for example, Roy Kwong. Politicians should always canvass with concrete actions like Roy Kwong did, be it wholeheartedly or under calculation, just work till you almost pass out — then the votes will be yours.

Thirdly, it broke the prolonged logic of the traditional yellow-ribboners that protestors would be safe if they protest peacefully and rationally. Many political apathetic Hongkongers on Facebook, including myself, should have thoroughly learnt a lesson after the anti-ELAB protest: whether you protested peacefully or vigorously, you’re nothing but a barbarian in the eyes of the authoritarians.

Fourthly, it allayed the dreadful atmosphere: the severing and hostility between the peaceful-rationality camp and the valiant-resistance camp. It might be concluded that “612 occupation” is the first-time-ever cooperation between the peaceful and the valiant camp. On one hand, bold protesters who teased Christians before have considered the Christian chorals wielding a seemingly bizarre yet enormous influence on the frontline**. On the other hand, peaceful protesters who considered radical protesters a hindrance to their peacefulness before, letting go of their ideological concerns, and fought back against the police officers. The complement and cooperation between the two main camps is indeed a beautiful thing when it comes to the future of Hong Kong — if this unity lasts.

Lastly, it expelled the practices of those traditional self-centred pan-dems, who have considered themselves as leaders during social movements. In fact, less and less protestors at the scene will pay attention to the so-called leader. But they still have their value: being one of the main information hubs and relaxation point. It is located at a relatively safe location where, you can listen to speeches, give yourself a round of applause, and comfort yourself when you get tired.

The pan-dems take care of the support team at the back while the protesters confront in the front. There being the cooperation, support from other factions of society can be garnered by the attitude of the peaceful and rational pan-dems, and the political bargaining power is gained by the action of the protestors. Everyone is playing their own role in order to achieve the same goal — this is what I called “genuine unity”. And I, personally, do hope the unity could sustain.

