“Dad, Dad, you watch TV, there are brothers and sisters than people chase! (d) Are black people not bad?” On June 12, although the company had agreed to strike, but as a professional had had to be responsible for the completion of the work. Until around 4:00 p.m., I went to pick up my wife and five and a half years old girl back to the housing enterprise. On the way through the roadside there was a live TV surrounded the LegCo peaceful demonstration by the police began to clear the place, the girl suddenly asked me the question. “No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.” It was when my wife told the truth so naturally. “The police uncle is not a good man Lai? The black man is so evil and evil... wow! If a brother did not do business, it was more than a black man to pull down, than a group of black people to fight! Do you have an uncle to protect your brother and sister?” “Girls, it seems like there are good people and bad people, police uncles have good and bad frames, you big d is clear.” “But Mom, the teacher taught us that the police uncle is responsible for protecting the citizens.Must not be the police uncle!” The wife just smiled and touched her head. “Girl, remember the last time you were sick, you didn't want to take medication to your mother, and your mother? The cop uncle is just as sick as you are. Brothers and sisters want to help them, remind them to take medication, but the cop uncle doesn't know what they're doing.” “It is D medicine difficult to eat!” “Freedom, wisdom and humanity can make our land more simple than a man to live in captivity and die. It may be difficult to eat medicine for a person who has to die...” “Dad, what are you talking about? Freedom is like orange large grains of medicine is difficult to eat both medicine?” “Husband, you suddenly said that dd girls don't know how to stand.” “Ha ha, sorry. Young girl, what about freedom... if you prefer both chicken wings and you don't like green peppers than you pick, you want to eat tonight?” “Chicken wings!” “But Daddy only allowed you to pick green peppers?” “Why? I don't want green peppers, chicken wings!” “Lai, there is more freedom than you choose chicken wings, and forcing you to pick green peppers is called deprivation of liberty.” “Is freedom not difficult to eat both medicine but chicken wings?” “No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.” I want to further educate the girl to be free, too urged me to enter the door of the housing enterprise building. “Dad 16th Father's Day!” As soon as the girl enters the building door, she points to the bulletin board both Father's Day activities poster. “Dad, what do you want for Father's Day, free chicken wings?” “Girl, do you eat more than Dad?” “Hmm! But Dad, you have to buy it, you have to buy it, you have to buy it! Buy buried after both!” “Ah, 16 both, the same after both freedom, chicken wing daddy will be better than you.” “Husband, you... I will look at the girl, you will remember to buy chicken wings, not chaos, be careful.” “Thanks to your wife.” Father's Day originates from children's gratitude for their father's upbringing and education. If fathers have not paid for their children, how can they be grateful? I will take “Father's Day Action” June 16, 2019 Hong Kong “Father's Day Action”, “Father's Day”Protect freedom, protect the future of the next generation.