I am an Accident and Emergency Doctor, please take a look, protect yourself. Hello, I am an Accident and Emergency Doctor. People believe they have read the news, and they are more than the police, and I believe you have seen Dr. Wong Ren-kwong should know how to deal with Link: but then I have no patience and seeThis cap map, and this picture is called disaster code Dili, so what is it that I want to share with you a little bit of information. I'm a doctor. I don't want to know if you're injured, if you don't need to, you don't want to know what you're doing. I just need to know both, there is a hard object attack/rub/servant, etc. So don't make it so much more than our doctors and nurses know it. Second, there is really a disaster code like that. A code both works method ， As far as I understand ， If you talk with me about you because of a major accident ， We want to mark 。 And this kind of code ， The official answer is only than HA use Li to do statistic ， Mark number of people admitted ， Several people discharged ， Several people slightly ， Several people serious 。 The HA will only know a number, and the personal data will not even be known to HA. But the younger brother all heard d rumours. In fact, the HA knows the name of the person, and the police have the right to name the HA. (I prefer to believe that HA doesn't leak information like a police dog, because if it leak more than a police dog, it goes up to the seat to testify, knowing that this is the case. I think HA will be hanging down the street, Rishin:sure) 3. If a teammate is worse than the police pull, and you want to see a doctor, the police will produce a paper commonly known as poor polo 42. The paper is to agree to your teammates. You sign your left name means that you agree that the doctor will tell the police about your injuries and your injuries. And the paper is actually before you see the doctor, you will already ask.You don't sign, and the little brother somehow received the wind house d police dog to play the bumping sign, the same buried police dog may be ferocious to you, “you talk hurt ar ma, you don't sign, you don't report ga la”. I want to talk to you, polo 42 also polo 42, medical report also medical report, two Nano Ri. If you don't sign, I can get a medical report, you apply to the hospital. So the little brother has the following suggestions. Since the source of the problem comes from a disaster code, then we just need to avoid a disaster code, then even if HA really sell the code on the streetAs a patient, they are not well sold. Avoidance? Dr. Wong made it very clear to me. You didn't make me talk to me about who you are beating or talking about beating people. As long as you don't talk about demonstrations, I know you go to Zuo Jinchong:) Of course, this is a bug. If you twisting, for example, hit the blind left, you have no way to recover from police dogs. So, you need to measure it properly, as a doctor, I must believe in patients, you know, I write that lor:) Another kind of field, speaking to my fellow friends, can you please sign a sheet?Before polo 42, you should not see whether it is my signature. You can ask a patient face-to-face: “If you sign left, I'm going to tell the police dog about your injury and the same information, I really agree”. One more sentence may only take a few seconds, but you can get back a teammate. Thank you very much. Last sentence. God save my city.