【 Procession 】 For the next generation of free parents to take their children to the streets (exclusive media coverage) Many marchers bring their children to the “Procession in Procession”. Mr Wong and his wife and daughter participated in the march. He said that the consultation time for the revision was too short and that the judicial system between Hong Kong and China was very different. Mr Wong also cited the example where members of the Legislative Council were DQ, criticized the Hong Kong government for doing things only to account for the mainland. He also believed that Hong Kong people had accumulated a lot of dissatisfaction.The results are, but they should be consistent with their voice. He said he had explained the law to his daughter, hoping that she would understand that “there is injustice to speak.” Mrs. Xu brought her 8-year-old son to the parade. They were hand-painted slogans “Black Heart” and “I am honest and good child, I want to live happily and not live in fear.” The reporter asked Xu children why they were attending the parade. He said that “against the Fugitive Offenders Ordinance,” “if they pass, they will not be able to catch them.” Mr. Chan's family took part in the parade. He said he was standing up today to protect the freedom of speech of the next generation. He laughed at the fact that his generation did not have much time, but did not want to see the next generation lose free space. He described that Hong Kong still has freedom of peaceful assembly and is able to talk freely about June 4, but if the evil law is passed, the next generation will “dare not speak” and “fear of being brought to trial by China.” He added that the family was attending the parade today to make his son understand that “freedom is one of his own.” Mr Lau attended the parade with his daughter. He believed that the revision would have an impact on all sectors of Hong Kong and was concerned that foreign businesses would divestment, leaving young people unemployed. He added that today stood up to defend the freedom of speech of the next generation. “I speak to the same woman on June 4. I hope she knows that China is not a democratic place and that Hong Kong is not a future.” Mr. Yao's family also took part in the parade with their children. He said he had participated in the parade before, but the children participated for the first time. He criticized that the method of this revision was tough, “completely does not listen to the public opinion.” Asked why he came out, he said that “for the next generation” is not the main reason, “when you love a place you will be willing to stand out.” Mr Yao said that it was not enough to anticipate the outcome of the march. “The government has always ignored public opinion. Instead, we should cherish the opportunity to speak out!”