“Competitors' Apology to Hong Kong Citizens”: We sincerely and sincerely apologize for the inconvenience caused in the past two weeks. However, after two million people marches, many peaceful rallies, and even young people have died, four major claims such as the revocation of the fugitive ordinance are still uncertain. In the face of the Chief Executive's repeated evasion of the four major appeals and the use of apology to divert attention, we do not rule out that we will fight in a more vigorous manner in the near future. To protect the lives and property of ordinary citizens, we hereby appeal to: 1) Avoid going to the Admiralty Belt and Belt II from 20 June to 21 June.We will try our best to give you a way. If you wish to come and support, please be vigilant and take precautions: 1) Wear high protection and lightClothing such as trousers and shoes 2) Ready to replace clothes, masks, straight-cover and eye mask (can be replaced by swimming goggles) 3) Bring enough water and dry food 4) Be firm and keep your mind calm.Random response was given that the police used numerous violent repression from 9 to 16 June, and those who came to support this visit may be at risk. We will uphold the principle of “No bleeding, No injury, No arrest” and we hope that all our members will do their best to protect the personal safety of our people. At the same time, we appeal to people from all walks of life to donate materials. For details, please pay close attention to the various service stations. The enemy of the protestant was never Hong Kong citizens or Hong Kong police. The helpless and rational approach is in exchange for rhetoric tricks and small moves of the power over and over again. In the face of the Government's endless consumption and diversion of sight, it is a last resort to the struggle to escalate. We hope that the Chief Executive of Hong Kong will be able to show the courage to deliver on the various promises he made in the media, so that we can truly defend our beloved Hong Kong. Our four claims: 1) the withdrawal of the Fugitive Offenders Ordinance (2) the release of the protests (3) the revocation of the riots and the characterization of the riots (4) the prosecution of Hong Kong police brutality will not be dispersed. All Hong Kong citizens