Hello, all of you, all of you. “With copper as a mirror, you can dress the crown; in ancient times as a mirror, you can know the excitement; in human mirrors, you can see the gains and losses.” Today we come to Tsim Sha Tsui together to commemorate others not far away 30 years ago. We can clearly see the atrocities of the totalitarian government. So today's June Fourth Remembrance Rally is not only a record of the sudden death of the past, but also a reminder to all of us in Hong Kong about what history has taught us. In addition to learning history, we can also teach us not to repeat the mistakes. Today, we can look back on the Internet over the years of documentaries and photographs, showing that the totalitarian government's methods of dealing with the civilian population are brutally insensitive.Strangling. So looking back on this history, we must always be vigilant, and totalitarian governments are moving and toothed in our neighbourhoods. “The identity of Hong Kong people has been particularly difficult in these years, but I believe that each of us is proud of this place, because we really like it.Hong Kong is gradually declining, slowly no longer familiar to us, but also sad. I chose to defend the identity of Hong Kong people in different identities, as a student leader of today's generation seems to overlap with those who suffered thirty years ago. I am glad that I am still living in Hong Kong today. Although my life is not threatened, the normal life of Hong Kong people has long been beyond recognition since the handover of sovereignty in 1997. Although I had to fulfill 120 hours of social service orders in PolyU's Democratic Wall years, in fact, different Hong Kong people have been imprisoned as young political prisoners in different parts of Hong Kong.The 120 hours of social service are insignificant, not to mention the countless victims of death and injury that day, the soul of every one of us here has been inscribed. The teaching of history is that we face totalitarian rule, not only to retain our strength and be careful to deal with it, but also to guard against relentless. History, a bibliography of the glorious testimony of the times written by the victors. This year's Global Times points out that the June Fourth incident is a historical event that has faded. Dropping it will help the country get out of the shadows and avoid differences, help all Chinese face the future and be immune to unrest. These reviews are intended to smear history and fool the crowd. But I hope that all of you here don't forget that history has taught us blood in pain and tears, because only by remembering history can we create the future. In Hong Kong today, there are people who say that we want to forget the past, because learning about the significance of history, not only to let us know about past events, but also to find out how the world walksTrajectory, everyone in this room understands that only by recognizing the past of the totalitarian government and the atrocities of the murderer regime can be more effective for us to better understand the future of the chips of our intellect.It will be the future of all of us present. Some believe that knowing that it is not possible to do it is an extreme ignorance, but history does not have a lesson, and if we can retain strength, he will be able to be brave. As long as we never give up, victory will be on our side. Today, June 4, 30 years have passed, and the Chinese regime has never changed the slightest in its essence. Today, Hong Kong is even more serious. Today, the Fugitive Offenders Ordinance Amendment Bill is like a sharp edge on the neck of every Hong Kong people, and we all live in fear and fear. Give up is our biggest price. Although the days ahead, it is long time to foresee that our lives will encounter greater hardship. But I hope to encourage you here, as long as we are here, our Hong Kong. Everybody, stick to it anyway. Because we are all Hong Kong people.