Hello everyone, I am Acting Vice President of the Interim Executive Council of the City University of Hong Kong Student Union Shau Lan. Thirty years ago in Beijing, a group of Chinese students led the 89th National Movement calling on the Chinese government to confront social problems and build a democratic China. However, the desire of tens of thousands of students for democracy and freedom is not only less important than the government, but also the massacre tragedy in the early morning of June 4. The cold tank completely shattered the hopes of students for democracy, freedom, justice. Thirty years later, in Hong Kong, the Chinese regime has been wanting to destroy Hong Kong's core values again and again. From disqualification of Leung Tin Kee's candidacy to the dispossession of four elected members of Parliament, to the present day, the CCP tried to completely destroy the rule of law in Hong Kong by amending the Fugitive Offenders Ordinance to turn our home into one of theCity. On June 4, in recent years, older generations have often been heard of criticizing young people for not attending the June 4 candlelight party organized by the stake. As a Hong Kong person, I chose not to attend stake candlelight evenings. Building a democratic China is not the responsibility of all Hong Kong people born and older. Even if, aside from identity, the intrigues require such a bloody regime to counter the mistakes of 30 years ago, people's freedom is even more topical. But, I still chose to mourn the June Fourth. As a student, I hope that by paying tribute to the students who lost their lives in June Fourth, Hong Kong is a very barbarous regime. As a student leader, I hope that more people will listen to the words of the Fourth of June, especially if I can no longer fully understand the events of June Fourth in textbooks. The younger generation knows how much brutality there is. Not half of the 50 years have passed, but the Chinese Communist Party has been eager to reinvent Hong Kong. Hong Kong people have always been proud of the rule of law. Freedom and democracy have ceased to exist, and even the most basic freedom of assembly.Freedom of expression is at stake. I don't know if we can mourn June Fourth in the same place next year. In Germany, Huang Tai Yin wrote for the New York Times when he passed the evil law, Hong Kong will die. At a time when Hong Kong is at stake, we need to remember more than we have learned from history. Both older generations should lower stereotypes and unite against evil laws. Hong Kong people, June 9, we see you at Victoria Park.