The “enlightened faction” of the Chinese congregation will only contribute to the peak of Chinese colonialism influenza. Doctors cried bitterness, finally pointed out that there was an elephant in the room: Chinese immigrants came from too many people, already bursting the medical system, not discrimination.The issue of non-discrimination. This is so widespread that it goes beyond my own wall of echo. In the pro-communist, patriotic relatives whatsapp group, some people also spread the “Mao” section of “we burst”, their attitude is also positive positive positive that the problem exists. Relatives are, of course, ordinary people. They do not have any special proposition on the survival and invalidation of one-way permits, but they will not deny the basic fact that “there are too many people”. Although they are “good years of peace” and politics does not get them, the days will pass.With regard to the fact that the Chinese population is concerned, they do not present the disgust and unrecognized hysteria of individual “progressive” people, but rather are usually clear about reality. Of course, it is not surprising that organizations specializing in serving the Chinese people jumped out against them; individual left-wing people beside side the medical professionals who speak honestly, and pro-Chinese media took the opportunity to sell imported Chinese laborers and cover up the real ones.Problems, or people from folks pulling out a whole bunch of seemingly objective data to talk about, are also always ecology. I can understand if the commentators' families themselves are new immigrants, and the issue is particularly hot, but there is a suspicion of conflict of interest, justice is doubtful. But to make it clear, it is a real dilemma to trace physical attacks. But these sides are only the poles of the matter, and there is an ambiguous area of no one in the middle. “Civil society” is now ambiguous about this issue, or knowing that it is hot potato and silent. But pan-democrats around 2013, because of this problem was “civil war.” Fan Guowei, Mao Mengjing and Tan Kaibang's initiative to “reduce people at the source” was opposed by almost the entire civil society. At that time, they said that family reunification is a human right. This is a kind of Chinese people ahead of others.Human ideology. Strictly speaking, it shows a kind of Chinese nationalism. If the political ideology of Hong Kong people is “progressing”, it will inevitably be confused with this set. You have me, and then parting the way is only flipping, but sharing a lot of ideas DNA. Patriotism has taken place since the beginning of the day. Against the background of British rule, Hong Kong's “democratic movement” is almost a Chinese nationalist movement and an identity politics against the British government. Until now, this kind of democratic movement has become aware that a large amount of imported Chinese population will result in the explosion of Hong Kong, killing all Hong Kong people and new Chinese people, must continue. Temple people are silent, regardless of mathematical car damage and death.because any movement, organization or individual about “democratic progress” is more or less the root of “love China” in Hong Kong. Even now many people have no way to go back, Hong Kong is the only destination; even though now political parties are seeking votes, many rely on these people who have no way to return, but their boot settings are hard to return, they see Hong Kong.As a transit point for “engaging in Chinese politics”, since everyone's original intention is for the good of China, it is absolutely not acceptable to keep Hong Kong unhappy for any Chinese.Didn't you often hear that “doing this would provoke the Communist Party” or “the Communist Party would be happiest”? But it seems that few people will explore whether Hong Kong people are happy and whether Hong Kong people are excited. Probably this is not a very important thing for the progressive. To constantly import the population, at least we can't oppose it. This may be a rare consensus issue for the “pro-Beijing” and “democracy”. The former all know that the constant importation of heterogeneous populations is part of the “national security” and is an assimilation of Hong Kong, a necessary measure to bring Hong Kong closer to China, and cannot be changed.A little twists, but also emotional a little. In fact, they never actually govern Hong Kong. Therefore, they have no real resource issues, and habit of holding up a single principle that does not harm the interests and feelings of the Chinese people. Even if the new generation of people had indeed been out of that era, political parties and established routes could still extend the remaining poison as much as possible. Li Ju-ming and Szeto Wah are typical of the double treasure. Szeto Wah are Chinese, and his relationship with the Chinese Communist Party is extraordinary. He has always strongly supported the return, even after June 4.Dao initially defended “leftist workers” in Hong Kong, then was appointed as a drafting member of the Basic Law. It was only that Deng Xiaoping, who could not withstand the “realism”, ordered to clean the ground massacre.That's why it's the opposite. That is to say, Hong Kong's “progressive people” shared the origins of a China, and that was not the “cultural China” that they boasted with the Chinese Communist Party after the opposite side of the Chinese Communist Party.of China. It is clear that the Chinese are ostracing us, and even if there are schools in Hong Kong to speak Cantonese to be punished. Until now, the “father of democracy” still asks us not to exclude the Chinese. Of course, we may not be too harsh for history. Lawyers represent who does not represent identity, yes; after the war, the global left-wing movement has been ravaged, and there are many great youth in Hong Kong who are involved in the expectation of the CCP. Some of them left the team after the Cultural Revolution, some left the team after June 4, some never left the team, and some were later in the team. None of them must be bad people, even a lot of good people and genius. But in any case, this is the origin of the less glorious and paradox of the “democratic movement”. Its existence is the first consideration of China, not Hong Kong. This democratic movement, which is entangled with another nation, eventually conflicts with “indigenous interests”, is only a physical necessity. Initially, they wanted to build a democratic China, but the Progressive and Democratic Movement had created a community rooted in Hong Kong, which would ultimately betray the issues first set by Chinese nationalists. Because the “democratic movement” has such origins, it has a corresponding ending. That is, China says that there is no democracy, there is no. The mainstream pan-people are salient in the face of the regime, because the CCP is China's orthodox.”The self-identification of the Chinese people, coupled with the political realities of Hong Kong, leads to the emergence of a missionarianism. As a result, the “progressive community” usually does not think that the Chinese are colonizing and invading Hong Kong. They do not recognize Hong Kong's footsteps in Xinjiang, Tibet and Mongolia, but also to these “periphery” (Perhaps with Taiwan), embracing the political imagination and bias of Greater Han Chawen, which is a source of common with China, or “oppose Hong Kong independence first” in any case, still “protect fishing” and anti-Japan, in a linear history.On the look, it is not difficult to explain.The proponents of democracy should have been empowered by the citizens, but the ideology that has been rampant here seems to continue to diminish the importance of Hong Kong people. Democracy has borders, but”The origins of the democrats were “China,” so when the Chinese were under pressure, they suddenly became sans frontiers. Some leftists also want to pull the whole “civil society” to the left, and in fact they are really “to some extent” successful. Because in real politics, the “Chinese democrats”, “Fabienists” and “Chinese colonists” are an increasingly close triangle. Because in Hong Kong reality, while advocating democracy and human rights, on the contrary, is the safest, there is no overred line, there is room for living, at least not to give DQ. Because the regime will definitely not give you “democracy”, but “human rights” is the “human rights of Chinese outsiders”, and the “establishment” must take care of them properly. Not just medical care, public housing is another thing. Welfare bureaucrats always treat Chinese people favorites. They only give them to certain people. So when China ruled Hong Kong (without British blocking) and the Chinese army was under pressure, the standards of good and evil in the past would be revalued. “Democracy, freedom, human rights” are no longer the secret words of course, and even when you really advocate and bow, many people will be killed. Something that used to be virtues can now turn into sin. People in the back will become more awakened to this matter. Many people will be separated by understanding. There is no way to go back to Hong Kong's democrats, who will no longer feel the “Chinese Democrats” merciful; under the colonialism of the population.“64" is no risk at all. In the previous two by-elections, they were still emotionally extorting votes, repeating the passwords of the British origin (most literally hasn't changed), but the magic will sooner or later fail because allThe topics are all Chinese issues, and the political world has no other route to China. The Chinese sentiment of “civil society” was a moral heights in the British era.True accomplices have real resources. The overseas remnants of the disappointed Zhao Ziyang route were left behind in order to govern Hong Kong. This has been seen in the interaction between Szeto Wah and the Communist Party. Such people have neither genuine Hong Kong identity nor China's support. Between the crackdown, the superiority is gradually obscured by the formalist factions that are at the root of the bloom. It is a tragedy of the times and the price of not reforming the progeny.