Some people cried with sorrow this morning, saying that the Lee Cheuk lost the by-election and Hong Kong fell. Some people said that the worst could not be better than the so-called local opinion leaders, and did not support the so-called pan-democrats.Singing light, scorched earth provocative people lose seats. (Again, I am not a homeland, but a homeland) What is the truth? There are several facts. 1. For new public housing estates such as Tak Long Estate and Kai Ching Estate, Lee Cheuk-yan received much less votes than Chan Hoi-yan, supported by the Communist Party of China (CCO). This is also a lot of credit for Pan Democrats such as Li Zhuo, who have welcomed new Chinese immigrants over the years. Not only do you oppose large numbers of immigrants, but you also support them, arrange for upstairs resettlement. Today, you take good causes and results.People are nothing but what they want. The second fact is that your pan-democratic electoral propaganda channel is over. Three newspapers on election day supported Chen Kai-hin like Apple Daily, but why Apple Daily did not have the effect of Oriental Daily, because of the composition characteristics of the readership (Wen Hui, Grand Duke)one mention). “Oriental Daily” focuses on the small welfare of workers and writes and issues of vulnerable groups. It also focuses on the university community, which is very much in line with the taste of the blue-collar class; although it cannot be said that the blue-collar will bePro-government, but blue-collar hates a so-called union leader who enjoys self-fat and incompetent, “Oriental Daily” is more than enough. First, regardless of the readers of Apple Daily who are also speaking on the Internet, the interactive community.Can not fully follow the media command; “Apple Daily” every time the gods are made up of mud on the wall, recommended at first or considerable, eventually like Huang Chi-feng, etc., like everyone, even some more like the “key seat”This kind of propaganda channel, such as the cadre, the inferior absurdity, is already half disabled in this election battle. Even more, some old people such as Leung Kwok-hung took the initiative of electorate in the midst of cyber provocation, destroying the Great Wall. This is a very obvious reflection of the pan-democrats who once had good relations with Europe and the United States, who were not enterprising and lagging behind the situation. The third truth is that you politicians are annoying and everyone shouting. Both Frederick Fung and Lee Cheuk people are politicians who have betrayed Hong Kong people on political events, not to mention that you don't have to be careful and diligent in doing daily work in the area. The spotted signs of inferiority and ugliness have long been in the minds of everyone. The so-called “tearful vote” is because even your supporters feel that you are in vain. A political faction that wants to compete for seats has no choice but the old ones.Those who are destined to perish, let alone the old generation of hatred that has advanced in the misery of young people today, you should retire, go back to the back row to act as advice advisors, support the future, and let's not be ashamed of the eyes, okay? By the way, beg people to be angry, pride and not ask for others; your election is to get public approval, humility, don't get used to the opposing of the electorate. Otherwise, find the Interactive Employment Service Center of the Employees Union to help you solve the unemployment problem.is the end of your praying for mercy.