[To Yiu-ming Review] Hong Kong's fiscal reserves are about to fall into the hands of Beijing, the SAR government has astronomical reserves. But it is powerless to solve social problems. It is not only a proving that aThe Chief Executive with vested interests is a political fart, more powerful than serving the citizens, but if he sends this taxpayer's money into the hands of state-owned enterprises in mainland China, the name of which is investment, Hong KongA high degree of autonomy will further collapse, and the current system of financial isolation from the mainland government will open the gap. Financial Secretary Paul Chan recently revealed in his blog that the HKMA has discussed with some central state-owned enterprises and is looking for some stable returns overseas projects to participate in the form of equity investors. In other words, the current financial reserve of $100 billion, which is being managed by the HKMA, has invested at least a portion of the Government's overseas projects. A series of questions came. First, is it profitable to invest in projects? Central state-owned enterprises have the power and power in mainland China, with a network of policy support, the market is semi-monopoly or even monopoly. If they issue new shares, if the timing and price are recognised by professional analysis, and the HKSAR Government has fully informed the public, it is not necessary to enter the market. However, the current proposal is a different matter. At present, we only know that the target of investment is overseas projects of central state-owned enterprises, but we have not explained what projects are, and even which central enterprises are involved are not too shy to speak of. However, it is not difficult to find financial support for projects that have a stable return, and even raise funds for public sale, unless these overseas projects have been involved since the establishment of the project, the HKSAR Government or the HKMA have been closely involved., otherwise why would it benefit the HKSAR Government? On the contrary, if it is a high-risk project, of course, we hope that the HKSAR will contribute generously, but investment is investment. Does the government need to return to the country again? followed by the way of investment. The HKSAR Government only seeks to purchase the share capital of the company and wait for dividends. Unlike existing government investment methods, such as stocks, foreign currency and bonds, can be traded in the market whenever necessary. However, the government holds a stake in a company, it cannot be said to sell or sell.The procedure is relatively complicated to buy back at low prices by major shareholders. More fundamentally, the extent to which minority shareholders' interests are protected depends on the provisions of the constitution, the company's organization and the legal system. If a company makes big money does not mean that small shareholders can receive a large amount of dividend, but if the annual dividend rate is set in advance, why not buy a company fixed interest bond and invest in a state-owned enterprise by equity? The third is the nature of the investment. Central enterprises invest in foreign countries. Some of these projects are controversial, such as arms trafficking and copyright infringement. Even if these projects are profitable, the HKSAR Government needs to think twice. One is that business investment, in addition to considering returns, also has a moral bottom line. It cannot see money open its eyes. Just as some NGOs also have investment guidelines and cannot get involved in some problem areas, the government should be equally cautious. Second, the Sino-US trade war is in full swing, and the SAR government should try to avoid any involvement in what the United States refers to as a violation of fair trade, and even keep away from central enterprises to ensure existing freedom.status of the customs zone.Perhaps in the eyes of Chan Mo-po, choosing investment projects for fiscal reserves is a matter for the HKMA. They choose which central companies to do business, just as they choose which stocks and bonds.and it seems that it is not intended to explain in detail in the future. But the above three questions, from what projects to choose, what kind of business to do, to how to invest, are all of the most important. Not only do they lose money, but they also turn Hong Kong into a whirlpool of trade warfare without any provoking.How can the HKSAR Government's black box operation make people feel reassuring? Of course, what's more critical is that the precedent for equity investment in central enterprises opens, I believe that more fiscal reserves will flow into the hands of mainland central enterprises in the future, or even follow the recommendations of the Macao government to hand some of the reserves to the Guangzhou provincial government and the state development.bank management, in exchange for a fixed rate return. Under the intimate decision-making process, Hong Kong people have no idea the actual whereabouts of the trillion fiscal reserve and 700 billion HKMA surplus, nor can they understand whether the funds were put to Huawei's 5G telecommunications in Australia, or the use ofExploiting natural resources in many countries in Africa, or building a “Belt and Road” port in Malaysia, so as to go further. If the central government deems it necessary, the central enterprise can collect Hong Kong reserves for central custody.The transfer, which sends a 4% return to the SAR every year, is, anyway, the central government never lacks RMB. Of course, the consent of the HKMA and the HKSAR Government is required if such an exaggeration is to happen. But at the moment, why did the government say no words to the central government?