Leung Tin-chi — Before I returned to Hong Kong, I read a story about Hong Kong's immigration trends in recent years. The survey revealed that a growing number of Hong Kong people are interested in emigrating overseas. The overwhelming majority of young people are considering immigration. At the same time, I also read some of the words of the powerful: I presumably call on Hong Kong youth to leave the clouds if they are dissatisfied with the current state of society and are pessimistic about the future. After reading these two stories, I was puzzled: What kind of environment are we creating for the next generation in Hong Kong? Going or staying is, of course, a choice for many. However, if Hong Kong people, especially the younger generation, no longer love Hong Kong and leave elsewhere, the future of Hong Kong will be set. On the contrary, we can change only if we take root in this land, and Hong Kong is no longer a floating city. Of course, reality always teaches people to be discouraged, and we all have our own difficulties to face. Since the start of the trial, the time has been reversed to the first night of two years ago, sometimes slow and sometimes fixed. My world was once again in line with that night, and it paused, also believed that it would pause for a good while. After four months in prison, the days are not too sad. I am sincerely grateful to everyone who came to court and wrote to my friends. Whenever I think of what I saw in court: the lawyers right in front, every familiar, unfamiliar face in the public gallery, every nod, smiling, waving... increased my courage to face everything. In particular, each of your letters is the only connection between me and the wall, making my heart very warm. This kind of interpersonal care reminds me of why I was engaged in politics. Life can infect life. As I prepare to give my statement, I try to trace my footprints from the beginning to the present day and recall the people I met along the way. From the beginning to the end, I was motivated by my desire for a democratic and free Hong Kong. In pursuit of this ideal society, we see different images, have our own experiences and make our own judgements. Regardless of how we choose to succeed in transforming Hong Kong into a democratic society, it is inevitable that the road will be stumbling. Today, I no longer seek the recognition of others. I just hope that you will have a basic understanding of how much popular anger can accumulate in a political system that does not manifest public opinion, and how far-reaching political turmoil a failed political reform will cause. Since we are in Hong Kong, our well-being should be closely related to us. A democracy that fully reflects the views of society should be our common pursuit. At this point, when it comes to democracy or constitutional reform, it may be a bit cliché, and it's like a dream. And indeed, in the face of absurd reality, all good ambitions seem ridiculous. I have no intention of denying the harsh fact that the democratic process in Hong Kong has been lost. I just think that in the worst times, human responsibility is even more important. Looking at the moment, we do have much to do without doing it. But where a claim is made in a group, there must be support and opposition. Differences are presented in different ways. In the same vein, even if it is our responsibility to change society, participants in social movements will be divided or even divided by the priorities of each matter. Before we can achieve democracy, perhaps we need to practice democracy, sort out differences, cherish each other's differences, and use it as an opportunity to gather more energy. It is important to know that only dictatorships can not tolerate other voices.After these years of turmoil, I learned a lot of things written on paper. I would like to thank all the people I met on the road, especially the parents who brought me to the world. I think I was poor in my life, and I was not enough to repay my parents. But if I can learn the lessons of today and always strive for the future of the next generation, I believe my parents will still be happy. Jun 10, 2018