Teacher's mother's tummy went to the street: If you knew about the revision, there should be no next generation of CUHK procession, many people pushing BB cars or dragging children. Asking the reasons for participating in the parade is a concern for the next generation. “In fact, if you knew that something had happened earlier, there would be no next generation, because basic personal safety seemed to be insecure.” Susan, a member of the team, who raised pink sheets as the “flag”, said: “We know what we can do, but we can think on our own, and we can come out and talk. Because this is a role model for the next generation to know, it's really urgent this time. I don't know if I can't come out again next time.” After 80 months of pregnancy Zhu, she went to the street with her husband and parents today. She walked around the crowd with her belly and asked why she went to the street. She said, “I really don't know why today.” She also said that “live belly” hard, “in fact, the motivation of Chung University, April 28 had to go along with my husband. If something happened earlier, there should be no next generation Tim, because it is really good basicI don't think we can't go out to the streets to express a sense of absurd living environment in Hong Kong, and even the basic human rights of the family are buried.” There is a voice in society that says that immigration will be considered after the amendment is passed, and Mrs Chu admits that after the government has proposed the amendment, we think about immigration. “In fact, we are in the middle, because there are elderly people on it, they areRoot in Hong Kong will not go; our next generation is so small, we are so helpless, we don't know we can't go. For the next generation, but what about our parents?” Mrs Chu's parents also joined the parade today. Mrs Wong, born in Hong Kong, said that their family has always been together, but not every year after the July 1 parade in 2003.People come out of line. Huang said, this time out not because of excitement, “after the occupation is actually more faint, more faint. This time I really think it might be the last time, no, it really seems like I can't live with children.” But she is hopeful, “There is a glimmer of hope. I hope that the government will be frightened. I really understand that we in Hong Kong, most of us are good people in Hong Kong, want to do something..” The couple, who grew up in Hong Kong for more than 60 years, added: “We have lived in a society that is relatively known as some rule of law. We all want to keep it.Not yet arrived 、 Already early (spoilage) 。”