Foreigners love Hong Kong Ukrainian youth: Have a responsibility for the family Japanese girls: unlike China Hong Kong people, it is him and you and me. The people who came back to the CUHK parade on Sunday also wore white clothes, people of different skin colors and races. They all regard Hong Kong as their home and are part of the Hong Kong people. Although not born in Hong Kong, they are now breathing in the free air of Hong Kong. They do not want Hong Kong to become an ordinary Chinese city. Vladi (left) parade with his girlfriend, Jing (right). Born in Hong Kong, Ching said, “My boyfriend is more interested in Hong Kong than I am.” She confessed that she wanted to study abroad a few years ago and didn't want to stay in Hong Kong. “Since I met him, I felt that Hong Kong was a real estate company. Even a foreigner thinks Hong Kong is his home company, and he wants to stay, so I... this is the first parade of a big woman like me.” Wu Wan-ying photo white crowd, there is a holding hand writing “CHINA HANDS OFF OUR HOME” solitaire, leaving a brown curly youth. He is 28 years old, working in computer research, Vladi, from Ukraine. Vladi told reporters that he had lived in Hong Kong for just one year and had fallen in love with the motivation and freedom of the city and was interested in staying in Hong Kong.I believe that Hong Kong is losing its freedom and is losing more and more with time. I don't want to live in a place where my freedom will all be taken away after a while. Parade is one of the ways to express my unhappiness.” Vladi said it was his first time in the street and he had not participated in the parade even before, even in Ukraine. “I want to settle here, and I feel a responsibility for my home.” Vladi described that he was very close to Hong Kong, “For me, this is the right place because Hong Kong people are very motivated, and I think Hong Kong people are more motivated than many Western people. Living in Hong Kong is more stressful, you need to work harder, but you can see the fruits of your efforts. I love Hong Kong because she pushes me to work harder.” Vladi added that living in Europe is easier than Asia. Europeans can have a fairly comfortable life without working hard. “I don't like this, I want to achieve the most in my life.” He had a lot to do, one of them was to open a research institute. He said it is more difficult to open research institutions in Ukraine than in Hong Kong, “because fewer people in Ukraine are interested in innovation.” Vladi knew that Hong Kong was not an ordinary Chinese city because he had traveled to China many times and tried to exploit his rights and had a personal experience of China. Vladi said, for example, that he traveled to Xinjiang two or three years ago, had been restricted to visit some places, and even his phone SIM card was terminated. He complained to officials, but he described that the officials only gave him some network.poor situation and other “false reasons”. Hong Kong government plans to amend the Fugitive Offenders Ordinance. His concerns are based on China. “If I stay here, I don't want to end up in China, and apologize on national television for something.” Why are you worried about being transferred to computer research? Vladi responded that he believed that the definition of crimes in China was not clear, “he did not think that Chinese law was fair to all.”Takayao Masuda from Japan, carrying a red, white and blue tote bag, carrying an Apple Daily umbrella, joined a number of local Hong Kong people in the parade. Ng Yuen-ying taken from Japan Masuda, carrying a red, white and blue tote bag, “Apple Daily” umbrella, with several Hong Kong native friends to participate in the parade. Masuda is a Japanese magazine publishing. He came to Hong Kong a year and a half ago because of his work, and became fascinated with the language and culture of Hong Kong. Masuda hopes to stay in Hong Kong and learn Cantonese since last year. She said that Cantonese has a lot of local elements in Hong Kong. “My colleagues told me that Hong Kong is becoming more and more like China, 30 years later, or Hong Konginto China (part), Hong Kong people will no longer speak Cantonese. I don't want to do this, so I learn Cantonese.” Masuda mentioned that in Japan, many people learn Chinese, but usually learn Mandarin rather than Cantonese. Many Japanese also work and live in China, but they don't know much about Hong Kong. Mashida also said that even Japanese people living in Hong Kong often do not know what is happening in Hong Kong. She knew that Hong Kong was different from China. In order to explain to her Japanese friends what happened in Hong Kong, she opened thefacebook page “Kanatin in Hong Kong” speaks about Hong Kong in Japanese. Masuda said she also went to Victoria Park to attend a candlelight rally and sent an article explaining why June 4 is important to the Japanese. Masuda mentioned that Hong Kong is the only place in China where public gatherings can be held to mourn the Fourth of June. She knows that the difference between China and Hong Kong lies in freedom of speech, so she came out against the amendment of the Fugitive Offenders Ordinance.I don't know this parade, so I think I'm participating on behalf of Japanese people.”