[Reverse] police strongly cleared the scene 09/06 night to 10/06 early morning demonstration reports from yesterday to early morning, I recorded the entire counter-offs demonstrations. The following is my collation report. The following is a full record of demonstrations from 09/06 to 10/06 midnight. The Democratic Front announced the end of the march in Hong Kong and urged the public to stay [09/06 night 9:30 - 12:00] June 9, the Hong Kong Democratic Front launched a counter-party march, a large number of people responded to, the station announced that it would stop at Tin Hau, Causeway Bay and Wan Chai, so that some people would start walking on Fortress Hill. At around 09:30pm, FRODEBU announced the number of marches as high as 1.30,000, the highest number of people participating in the march since its return, setting a record. Around 09:50pm, FRODEBU announced the end of the rally, but the marches continued to enter Civic Square without seeing the dragon tail. During this period, the Hong Kong community has urged the public to remain outside the Government Headquarters until the Government talks with it and repeals the evil laws. Around 10:20pm, the last march arrives at the terminal. The residents of the city began to gather outside the political headquarters, near Tim Mei Avenue, Adi Fu Centre and the Legislative Council car park. I saw at least a thousand people. The scene was calm and seemed to await the Government's response. When it rained at the scene, the residents who were left behind opened their umbrellas at Tim Mei Avenue and appeared a small material station, as if they returned to the landscape of the Umbrella Movement occupied area around 11:07pm, the government issued a statement that it would not withdraw the revision.and put the draft straight to the second reading of the Legislative Council on Wednesday as usual. At the same time, the Student Power, the Hong Kong Independence League and members of the Hong Kong Civil Society called on the public to launch civil protest and remain in silence until June 12. Many citizens clap their support, but some people have chosen to leave after hearing the appeal. Some people who left said that “if you said that you would stay until the 12th, I would have gone” and “why didn't you say so early, there was no preparation.” After 11:00, the scene atmosphere began to become more and more tense. There were news that a large number of riot police arrived at the scene and would clear the scene. But there are still a large number of people left behind. I heard some members of the public decide to stay at least 12 o'clock without objecting to the notice to allow the meeting time to be held before taking a look at the developments. Riot police and speed dragon squad appeared in police clearance [10/06 12:00 - 02:30] at about 12:00 a.m., riot police and speed dragon squad appeared in the Legislative Council parking lot.Equipped with long shields and batons, ready to clear the ground. A large number of left-behind citizens heard news rushed to the scene and formed a line of defense in front of the police. Around 12:05am, about a dozen citizens wearing masks suddenly shouted, pushing down the iron horse to the police line, and the shock broke out. The situation on the ground quickly became extremely chaotic. The public, both inside and outside the venue (including the outside lawn and the rotary ramps to Tamar Park), roared loudly, and some of the public responded to the front line. In less than five minutes, the police easily raised the red flag and immediately dispatched pepper spray and batons to expel the demonstrators. Around 12:25am, the Speed Dragon Squad and Riot Police rushed out of the Legislative Council Parking Lot without warning or warning, and began to waving truncheons to drive all people in the vicinity of the Legislative Council Parking Lot.Seated citizens, people watching nearby, and even journalists, all shouting and threatening to drive away without distinction. The public fled and heard a lot of smashing, shouting and colliding objects, and tear smoke.After 12:30am, the police began to split into teams towards the lawns outside the Legislative Council car park, Tamar Park, CITIC Building and Tim Mei Avenue to drive out all the remaining residents. The police officers were photographed by several media outlets with pepper spray, long shields, tear smoke and even pistols. Members of the public were divided into two batches of “Lung Wo Road” and “Harcourt Road Flyover”. In addition, according to media reports, dozens of demonstrators led by the public will are still sitting outside the government chief. Around 12:30 - 1:30am, hundreds of citizens gathered in Lung Wo Road cannot return to the Legislative Council. They began to build iron horses, water horses and debris on the road, blocking the road along Lung Wo Road. The scene once returned to the scene of Umbrella Movement capturing Long Wo Road. Around 1:30am, the Dragon Squad started rushing towards Dragon and Road, demonstrators continued to retreat. 1:30 - 2:00am Demonstrators retreated to Lung Hop Street, Fenwick Pier Street and Fenwick Street near the Hong Kong Academy for Performing Arts.. Police began to send riot police to the scene, but no action was taken. The two sides confronted for almost half an hour. Demonstrators set up iron horse on Lung Wo Road and finally retreated to Gloucester Road Road during confrontation with four vehicles parked across the lane, the owner gave supplies to the demonstrators According to media reports, the last time remained on Harcourt Road during this period.Dozens of citizens around the flyover were also evicted and retreated to the Hoi Fu Centre. The residents around Tim Mei Avenue and Harcourt Road were largely dispersed. Riot police forced Gloucester Road nearly 100 demonstrators were surrounded near the old Wanchai police station [10/06 02:30 - 04:30] 2:30am, Gloucester Road riot policeThe shield was lined up unanimously and began to advance towards the demonstrators. Nearly 100 demonstrators retreated to Wan Chai Old Police Station surrounded by police officers and could no longer leave the scene. The remaining 200 or so demonstrators retreated to the junction of Hennessy Road and Filming Road, and soon the police arrived at the scene and the demonstrators began to scatter. The riot police began to push the demonstrators to help each other out of Gloucester Road. Back 3:00 - 4:00am, Wan Chai is the same as a curfew. Police intercepted all the people walking on the street.Had rushed into a private store trying to drive guests out. Until 4:30am, there were still reports that the police were still searching for demonstrators in the vicinity. At the same time, the police began to speak to demonstrators at the old Wan Chai Police Station, saying that they would be released as long as they were allowed to search, have no contraband, not wanted, and leave personal data.Right of recourse. 4:30am, all demonstrations are cleared.