The police suspect I have an offensive weapon. “How much water is there? Do you want me to do it? While the memory is still fresh, try to describe the situation of the reporter when the police cleared the scene last night (or this morning) (you can ask me in private if you want to hear a rough version). In the early morning, Admiralty began to move, the boss assigned by his home to surge on the scene. When a taxi arrived at Lung Wo Road, about 1:30. At that time, the Legislative Council was closed, the Dragon used a shield to build a line of defense.Demonstrators pushed to Central and Wan Chai. I was on the Central side. When I met the police line, I was at about a point in front of the Chief Executive's office. Immediately opened the phone to do a live broadcast, walked about 5 or 6 meters before the police shield, and found that there were less than 10 people similar to the demonstrators at the scene. Then the police began to push forward the front line of defense in a way of five or six steps each time.I always kept a distance and filming in front of the line of defense. When the process was repeated several times, the “warning” of the police began to become strange. For example, a warning to a person who was going backwards (he was also filming on the phone) “Go backwards” cloud, and I went forward.In fact, the police officers continued to broadcast live until they were drunk “black and white shirts quickly”, “bad things”. In fact, they were blue and white shirts, but I'm afraid the so-called black and white shirts meant me, with fewer people present., it seems that I have become the target of eviction. I refer to the journalist armbands tied to his hand, indicating that “do tight work”, but the other side's barking and drinking is not an exception, and I also paid the sentence “reporters are not privileged”. As I understand, the police used to refer to the event of the night as an illegal gathering, but at that time there were fewer than five people (with me), except for the police officers, and should not have been a rally, and even if the event was an illegal rally, the reporter wasThe right to be present for interviews is guaranteed by the Basic Law. In the vast majority of cases, according to past experience, journalists who show their identity can go “between” the police line, even if the police block the scene.As long as you stay behind the blockade line, there is no problem in the presence of interviews. But at that time, the police began to hit me repeatedly with shields over my back, and after pulling away from them, I took out the interview card and showed it to the police. “I hold a government-accredited media accreditation. I have no intention of obstructing the police, but I would like to ask, what are your lines of defence? If you say what I know, I'll step back behind the line.” But the response was, “You don't stop doing things,” and a lot of people, and then a seemingly senior policeman (Sanchai, not mistaken) asked me, “Do you have a press card?” and asked me to “not be in front of the police line”. My only response is that I've been “in front of the police line,” he said, “I don't want to catch a word flea with you,” and then asked me to go and try to reach out to take the press card. I stressed that I can “give you a look” but I can't take it away. The other person is called “I can't see it”. So I reported my name and name. The other person only kept repeating “I can't see it” and then suddenly became a problem, meaning “Suspected that I had an offensive weapon” and asked me to hand over my ID card and interview card. I asked the other party to explain the reason for the so-called “suspicion”. He drank “I have reasonable doubts,” and I only had to cooperate. But at this time, the police assigned about four people to take me aside, and others continued to advance theirThe defense line, I asked to continue the interview, and the other side pulled my backpack and shouted, “You can't go,” and at that time, apart from the police, there was only one hand with the phone, and the other hand had to “cooperate with law enforcement” to take outBackpack items for journalists.Since I arrived in the morning to pick up more, I bought five sticks of water in advance for distribution to my colleagues present. The police officer with “reasonable suspicion that I had an offensive weapon” saw the water in the backpack and questioned me “pointSo much water? Do you want to come to us?” I replied, I bought it for my colleagues. This so-called body search ended up with grass. After turning the backpack, there was no real “body search” nor, of course, found any offensive weapon. Then the police asked me to put the items back in the backpack and leave immediately. As my left-hand phone continues to broadcast live, I have difficulty with the right hand. Police officers have repeatedly called me to “hurry up”, “you stop the sun and make progress” and some police officers have called me “You don't have to hand.I explained that I was always putting five 1.5 litres of water back in my backpack with one hand. The police asked me, “What do you do with one hand,” and I was too lazy to respond, just saying, “You do it hard and believe it's clear.”. After about five minutes, the so-called “body search” was finished, the police pushed me away. They pushed me away from the Chief Executive of the front line. To the location after the “body search”, I hope to know the police.Of course, there is no answer to the extent of the line of defense, and in the process of leaving, a police officer said behind him, “Bury,” and I said, “Yes, it's really boring to start something first.” There may be details of the process depending on the memory, but in general, interested can find live footage in the stand news. It is said that the camera is shaking very damaging. In addition to this “alleged possession of offensive weapons”, I also saw a team of shield officers at ifc flyover, pushing the line of defense and drunkenness, and all the subjects in front of them were journalists, yes, all of them.Journalists, because I know each of them. They also wear reflective vests or press cards. After the incident in Central, I moved to the old Wan Chai Police Station to shoot the scene. Due to the number of reporters on the scene, there were police “Media Liaison Group” wearing blue vests. They kept saying “reporter friend” like this, “reporter.”Friends.” I was impressed by the fact that when the police took away the demonstrators after registering their personal data, searching their bodies and taking pictures, one of the police officers walked and said to one of the demonstrators in the ear, “It's all night.“, and then the demonstrator returned a sentence, but I couldn't hear it clearly. The police officer said, “Be careful, I recognize you.” In this process, I was standing beside the police officer, and his colleague clapped him and said, “Okay,” and when he came back and found the camera, he freed the demonstrators and disappeared into the crowd., adjusting the correspondent blockade line set up by the police at the scene. During the time, he said, “No reporter friends, trouble.” There are also a large number of connoissets who have been blocked by the lens, flashlight to show identity, pushed by shields, forced eviction, etc. In fact, this kind of interview experience is common to the north of the Shenzhen River, but I didn't expect to experience it again in Hong Kong, and I'm afraid, there will be many and many times in the future.