[Post-612 Hong Kong 01: Changes have arisen] “612 Occupation” has brought about a change in Hong Kong, and this change is mainly ideological. First, it broke the central idea of “democratic return” of the Pan-People and the stake, leaving many of the yellow silk that has always believed democracy saved China in a deep contradiction. Are you talking about bringing democracy to China? Hong Kong will have democracy first? You beat each other without saying it. Second, the traditional hypocrisy Pan People Council finally realized that they should do something in today's harsh environment. As a result of this campaign, many members of the Pan-People Council won some votes, such as Kwong Shin. Regardless of their true intentions, politicians should act as effectively as Mr Kwong is doing to grab votes. And if you do it, it's your vote. Thirdly, it breaks the traditional yellow silk thinking that you won't be beaten as long as you demonstrate peacefully and rationally. Many people, including those in Hong Kong who don't care about current affairs on my own Facebook, should be deeply aware of the same thing: whether they are in peace or quiet, they are in totalitarian eyes.A beast; and fourthly, it relieves the harsh atmosphere of peace and brave resistance. It can be said that the 612 Occupation was the first collaboration between the two camps of peace and war in Hong Kong. The side compartment has been twisted by the brave protesters to play a strange role on the front line, and the peaceful and rational demonstrators who have always believed that the brave protesters will die of their own, finally lay down the burden of their thoughts and go to the police scum.Fight back. For the future of Hong Kong, the two camps complement each other and complement each other — if it can be continued — and in the end, it is the only one in the traditional Pan-democratic social movement. Basically, it has become less and less contested, but it still has its existence value: it is one of the main points of information delivery and leisure. Pan People's Terrace is in a relatively safe area, you can go and listen more than a few applause yourself, comfort yourself. The Pan-people live behind the logistic support team, and the protesters are fighting in front of them. The peaceful and rational gestures of the Pan-people attract support from outside, and their actions bring political or negotiating chips to the Pan-people. As a common goal, we all do their part, this first comes with real solidarity, and I personally hope that this unity will continue.