"Dad, Dad, are you going to watch TV, and your brother and sister are chasing people! 嗰d black is both a bad guy?"

On June 12th, although the company had a consensus strike, as a professional, it had to be responsible for completing the work. Until 4 o'clock in the afternoon, I went to pick up my wife and returned to the house with the age of 5 and a half. On the way, there was a live TV broadcast on the roadside surrounded by the Legislative Council and the peaceful demonstration was started by the police. I suddenly asked me about the problem.

"The system is 囡囡 囡囡 囡囡 果 果 果 果 果 , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
"The police uncle is a good man, Li 咩 咩? Fruit d black man 咁 fierce evil... wow! There are brothers who are doing things to fight than the black people, than a group of black people! ?"
"Oh, it seems that there are good people and bad people. The police uncles have good and bad shelves. If you have a big d, you will be on the shelves."
"But mother, the teacher taught me that the police uncle is responsible for protecting the public, and that playing brothers and sisters to fight the public must be a police uncle!"

The wife only sighed and smiled at the residence.

"Hey, remember that you last sick left, you want to take medicine, and your mother is angry with your mother. The uncle of the police department is just as sick as you. The older brother and sister want to help the canal, remind the canal to take medicine, but the police Uncles are more savage than the dirty bacteria viruses, knowing that they are close to each other and losing their temper."
"The system is difficult to eat!"
"Freedom, wisdom, and humanity can be like me. Animals are simpler than people, and they may die for a certain person."
"Dad, are you talking about it? Freedom is like orange, big grain, medicine, medicine, food, medicine?"
"My husband, you suddenly said that you will be on the shelves."
"Ha ha, I am so happy. Hey, freedom is good... If you have the most favorite, both the chicken wings and you are the best green peppers than you choose, do you want to eat tonight?"
"Chicken wings!"
"But Dad only allowed you to pick green peppers?"
"Why? I want green peppers to have chicken wings!"
"Oh, there is more freedom than picking a chicken wing, and forcing you to pick green peppers is called deprivation of liberty."
"Is it a free wing and a chicken wing?"
"唔系..."
"Zhong is in the wilderness, and I am going to Li."

I want to further educate my freedom. At that time, my wife urged me to enter the door of the building.

"Dad 16th Father's Day!" As soon as he entered the building, he pointed to the bulletin board and the poster of Father's Day.
"Dad, do you want Father's Day to be wild, free chicken wings?"
"Would you like to eat more than Dad?"
"Yeah! But Dad, you have to be responsible for buying the next day, you have to buy more d! After buying and burying!"
"Ah, on the 16th, both will be free, and the chicken wings will be better than you."
"Husband, you... I will watch you live the next day. When you finish, remember to buy a chicken wing than a canal. You should be careful." Be careful."
"Thank you for your wife."

Father's Day originates from the children's thanks to the father's upbringing education.
If the fathers have not paid for their children, what is the thank you?
The 16th and the future will be called the free chicken wings, and I will be the father’s day declaration.
Commit to the left practice, I will take "Father's Day Action"

June 16, 2019
Hong Kong
Father's Day Action
Freedom of guard
Guarding the next generation and the future