I am an emergency room doctor, I will trouble everyone and protect myself.

Hello everyone, I am an emergency room doctor.
Everyone believes that there are people who have passed the news and have been sent to the left court after the police.
And I believe that everyone has a chance to see Dr. Huang Renqi’s post should know the response.
Link:
But after that, I saw that there was a cap map, and the map went to the left and called the disaster code out of Li.

So I want to share with you how much less information.

First, Dr. Huang said that both are good rocks. I am a doctor, and you are both wounded and nervous, and you want to know that you are playing more than others, because you are playing more than people. I only need to know that there is a hard object attack / rubbing / servant, etc. Therefore, I am more than a doctor who knows how to talk about it.

Second, the real system has a disaster code. The code works both. As far as I know, if you tell me that you are injured because of a major accident, I will mark it. The code, the official answer is only more statistic than the HA, and there are several people who are admitted to the hospital. How many people are discharged from the hospital, how many people are slightly, and how many people are serious. The HA will only know the figures and the personal information will be known to the HA. However, the younger brothers have heard the words of d rumours. In fact, the HA is known as the name of the person, and the police have the right to swear to the HA, and a little brother is a fact check, so I can hold everyone. (I prefer to believe that the HA is squatting on the servant street and leaking information than the police dog. Because it leaks more than the police dog, I will go to the seat to give evidence. I know that I am illegally searching for the case. I am going to hang on the HA. Lishen: Really 唔sure)

Third, if there is a teammate who is better than the police, but the doctor, the police will produce a common name difference paper polo 42. The sheet of paper is to agree to your teammates. If you sign the left name, you agree that the doctor will disclose your information and injury to the police. However, when you see the doctor before, you will already ask you to sign the visa. The younger brother and somehow received the wind under the police dog servant street to play the sign, the police dog may be fierce, "you test the injury ar ma, you sign the report ga la". I want to talk to you, polo 42 also polo 42, medical reports and medical reports, two wild Li. You can sign a medical report, you can apply for a medical report.

So the younger brother has the following suggestions.
Since the source of the problem comes from a disaster code, you only need to avoid a disaster code. After that, even if the HA is really selling the servant street, there is a code for both the patient and the canal. Avoid? Dr. Huang spoke very well with me. You told me to tell you that you are playing more than a squatter. As long as you talk about the demonstrations, I know that you are going to Zuo Jinzhong:)
Of course, there is a bug in the practice. If you are so embarrassed, for example, if you hit the blind left, you will find a way to recover from the police dog. Therefore, the decentralized interpretation, we must measure it well, a premise, as a doctor, I must believe the patient, your words are blasphemy, my ima write lor :)

The other field is the same as the peers who talk to the same friends. Before you sign a polo 42, you should be clear about the signature of the microphone. You can ask a patient face to face: "If you sign the left, I will disclose you to the police dog and you will be injured and the same information. Asking more than one sentence may only take a few more seconds, but you can save a teammate. Thank you all.

The last sentence.
God bless the city.