[Reverse sending parade] for the next generation to protect freedom, parents take children to the streets

(Single media special report) Many demonstrators took the children to attend the "Reverse Sending" parade.

Mr. Wong and his wife and daughter participated in the procession. He pointed out that the consultation time for the Government's amendments was too short and that the judicial system between the two places was very different. If the amendments were passed, "there will be more evil laws in the future". . Mr Wong also cited the example of the DQ of the Central and Legislative Council members. He criticized the Hong Kong Government for doing things only to explain to the mainland. He also believed that the people of Hong Kong had accumulated a lot of dissatisfaction. Today, 100,000 people came out, although they did not know the result. But they should all insist on making a sound. He said that he had explained the amendment to his daughter and hoped that she would understand that "there is a righteousness to speak out."

Xu Tai took the 8-year-old son to attend the parade. They held hand-painted slogans such as "Black Heart" and "I am a good boy, I want to live happily, don't live in fear." The reporter asked Xu Xiaoming why he attended the procession. He said that he would "anti-"Fugitive Offenders Ordinance". "If you pass the blasphemy, the monks will be gone."

Mr. Chen’s family participated in the parade. He said that he stood up today to protect the freedom of speech of the next generation. He smiled that his generation was not much, but he did not want to see the next generation lose free space. He described Hong Kong as having the freedom of peaceful assembly and being able to talk freely about the 4 June. However, if the evil law is passed, the next generation will "speak and dare to speak" and "fear of being tried by China." He also pointed out that today's family attended the parade in order to let his son understand that "the freedom department must fight for itself."

Mr. Liu took his daughter to attend the parade. He believed that this amendment would affect all sectors of Hong Kong and worried that foreign businesses would withdraw their money and make young people unemployed. He also pointed out that today he stood up to defend the freedom of speech of the next generation. "I have the same woman who talks about June 4th. I hope that the Chinese know that China is a place of democracy and that Hong Kong will become a beggar in the future."

Mr. Yao also took his children to participate in the parade. He said that he had participated in the parade before, but the children participated for the first time. He reprimanded that the method of amendments was tough and "completely listened to public opinion." When asked why he stood up, he said that "for the next generation" is not the main reason. "When you love a place, you will be willing to stand up." Mr. Yao said that he was not daring to go to the expected parade. "The government has always ignored the public opinion. Instead, I should cherish the opportunity to make a sound!"