"The contenders made a apology to the people of Hong Kong"

To all Hong Kong citizens:

With the most sincere and sincere attitude, we apologize for the inconvenience caused in the past two weeks. However, after two million civic demonstrations, repeated peaceful gatherings, and even the death of young people, the four major demands of withdrawing the fugitive offenders regulations have not been straightforward. In the face of the Chief Executive's repeated appeals and apology to divert attention, we do not rule out that we will fight in a stronger way in the near future. This is a helpless move by the government and the people, so please forgive me.

In order to protect the lives and property of ordinary citizens, we hereby call:
a) From June 20th to June 21st, avoid going to the Golden Bell Administration
b) If you encounter crowds of protesters when you are out, please say yes, we will try our best to make way for you.

If you are interested in coming to support, please be sure to keep your vigilance and protect and safety measures:
a) Wear high-protection and lightweight clothing such as trousers and shoes
b) Prepare to replace clothing, masks, straight covers and eye masks (can be replaced by goggles)
c) Bring enough water and dry food
4) Keep your mind firmly, keep your head calm and adapt

In view of the violent suppression of the police from June 9 to 16, the people who came to support this time may have to bear certain risks. We will uphold the principle of "no bleeding, no injury, no arrest" and we hope that you will do your best to protect the personal safety of your peers.

At the same time, we appeal to people from all walks of life to donate materials. Please pay close attention to the appeals of various material stations for details.

The enemy of the protesters has never been the Hong Kong citizen or the Hong Kong police. In exchange for the peaceful and rational approach, only the words and tricks of the authorities have been repeated again and again. In the face of the endless consumption and diversion of the government, we are now in a sad mood, and it is a last resort to embark on the struggle to upgrade. I hope that the Hong Kong Chief Executive can brave the courage to fulfill the various commitments in the media during the election. I really face, accept and practice our demands, and let us truly guard our love of Hong Kong.

Our four points of appeal:
a) Withdrawal of fugitive offenders
b) Release the resistance
c) revoke the temperament qualitative
4) Investigating the atrocities of the Hong Kong police

Do not withdraw, do not disperse.

a group of Hong Kong citizens