Hello everyone, everyone.

"With copper as a mirror, you can wear a crown. With ancient mirrors, you can know how to replace it. People can be seen as a mirror. You can come to Tsim Sha Tsui together to commemorate the other side not far from 30 years ago. We can be clear." See the atrocities of the totalitarian government. Therefore, today's June 4th commemorative gathering, in addition to recording the surviving people who died on the day, also made us all Hong Kong people understand the history of churching us. Learning history, in addition to augmenting the knowledge, can also teach us not to repeat the same mistakes. Today, on the Internet to review the documentaries and photos of these years, it can be seen that the totalitarian government's means of dealing with the civilian population is cruel and embarrassing. Therefore, looking back at this history, we must always be vigilant, and the totalitarian government is eager to move around in our neighbors.

"The identity of Hong Kong people has been particularly difficult in recent years, but I believe that each of us is proud of this place because we really like this place. As a member of the people of Hong Kong, I am increasingly indulging in Hong Kong. Slowly, it is no longer a place we are familiar with. Apart from sighing, it is only sad. I have chosen to defend the identity of Hong Kong people in different identities. As a student leader of today’s generation, it is like 30 years ago. The surviving figures of the dead are overlapping. Fortunately, I am still living in Hong Kong today. Although I am not threatened by life, since the transfer of sovereignty in 1997, the normal life of Hong Kong people has long been beyond recognition. Although in the years of the PolyU Democracy Wall, I There is a need to implement a 120-hour social service order. But in fact, in different corners of Hong Kong, different Hong Kong people have been trapped as political prisoners of the younger generation. In contrast, the 120-hour social service order is negligible, let alone the day. There are countless victims of death and injury, and the soul has long been engraved in the minds of everyone we are present. The teaching of history is to us. The rule of totalitarian, in addition to retain power, careful response beyond, we have to always guard against not let up.

History is the bibliography of the winners who wrote the glory of the era. This year's "Global Times" pointed out that the "event" of June 4th is a historical event that has faded. Putting it down helps the country to get out of the shadows and avoid differences, helping all Chinese to face the future and be immune to the unrest. These comments are only to discredit history and fool the masses.

But I hope that everyone present, don't forget that history has taught us the pain of tears and tears, because only by remembering history, we can create the future. In Hong Kong today, some people say that they have to forget the past. I dare not agree with this because the significance of studying history, in addition to letting us know the previous events, can also find the trajectory of the world walking from the size of the past. Everyone understands that only by recognizing the past of the totalitarian government and the atrocities of the murderous regime, it is more effective for us to sort out the chips of the future wits, and we must step by step. He will be our presence in the future. future.

Some people think that knowing what can't be done is a kind of extreme ignorance, but history has no if and only lessons. If we can retain strength, he will be brave and fearless. As long as we never give up, victory will be on our side.

On June 4th today, thirty years later, the CCP regime has never changed in its essence. Today's Hong Kong is even more intensified. Today, the fugitives amendments are like the sharp edges of every Hong Kong people. We are all living in the fear of people's hearts.

Giving up is our biggest price.

Although in the days to come, we can already foresee that our lives will encounter even greater difficulties. But I hope to encourage you here, as long as we have it, here is our Hong Kong.

Everyone, you must stick to it anyway.

Because we are all Hong Kong people.