Hello everyone, I am the Deputy Vice President of the Interim Administrative Committee of the Student Union of the City University of Hong Kong.

Thirty years ago, in Beijing, a group of Chinese students led the initiative to ask the Chinese government to face up to the social problems and build a democratic Chinese democracy. However, tens of thousands of students are not only eager to pay attention to the democratic freedom, but also to the government’s tragedy in the early morning of June 4. The icy and sturdy tank car completely smashes the students' freedom of democracy and hope for justice.

Thirty years later, in Hong Kong, the Chinese Communist regime has repeatedly and arbitrarily reduced its core values. By denying Liang Tianqi's eligibility for election to the four elected members' seats, the National People's Congress has interpreted the law. Today, the CCP has tried to completely destroy Hong Kong's rule of law by amending the fugitive offenders regulations, turning my generous home into a city under the Chinese Communist regime.

Regarding June 4th, in recent years, I have often heard the older generation criticize young people for attending the Federation’s sixty-four candlelight party. As a Hong Kong citizen, I have chosen to attend the party's candlelight party. Building a democratic China is not a common occurrence. It is longer than the Hong Kong people to bear the responsibility. Even if he disregards his identity, he is eager to ask for such a bloody and generous regime to redress the thirty-year-old generosity, and the people’s democratic freedom is even more a myth.

But, I still choose to mourn the June Fourth. As a student, I hope that by mourning the students who sacrificed their lives in the June 4th, they will always be alert to themselves. Hong Kong and the family face the austerity and are a few savage regimes. As a student leader, I hope that I can listen to the June 4th speech more than any other person. In particular, I have been able to learn about the June 4th incident from the textbook. I am younger and more aware of the fact that there are a few brutal people.

The 50-year limit has not been enough in the past, but the CCP has been unable to wait to redeem Hong Kong. The people of Hong Kong have always been convinced that they are proud of the rule of law. Freedom and democracy can be said to have disappeared. Home, even the most basic freedom of assembly and freedom of speech are Precarious.

The Hong Kong Communist Party has pushed forward the evil law. We know that we can mourn the June Fourth Movement in the same place.喺 German exile, Huang Taiyang, as the New York Times wrote, "Send the evil law, Hong Kong will die." At a time when Hong Kong is in danger, we must remember that history is more generous than me. No matter the younger generation, the younger generation should lower their prejudice and unite against evil laws.

Hong Kong people, June 9th, I met Wei Garden.