The "enlightened faction" with a complex Chinese complex will only encourage Chinese colonization.

At the peak of the flu, doctors complained and finally pointed out that there is an elephant in the room: Chinese immigrants come from too many people and have already smashed the medical system. It is not a matter of discrimination and non-discrimination. This incident has been widely spread beyond my personal echo wall. In the pro-communist, patriotic relatives whatsapp group, there is also a passage of "Mao Ji" in the section "We are blew", and their attitude is positively affirmative.

Relatives are of course ordinary people. They have no special opinions on the existence and abolition of one-way permits, but they will not deny the basic fact that "there are too many people." Although they are "staying in the ages", politics does not get them, and the days are passed. However, for the facts concerning the Chinese population, they will not present the aversion and unrecognized hysteria of individual "progressives". Instead, they will usually clear the ground to reality.

It is naturally not surprising that organizations that specialize in serving Chinese people jump out and oppose it; individual left-wingers are slamming on the blunt medical circles, pro-China media to sell Chinese labor, cover up real problems, or take a large number of people The pile of seemingly objective data is also an all-encompassing ecology. If the family of the theorists is a very new new immigrant, I am particularly enthusiastic about this issue. I can understand it; but if there is a conflict of interest, it is doubtful whether it is fair. But when it comes to it, it’s a dilemma.

But these pros and cons are only the two poles of the matter, with a large unmanned area in the middle. "Civil society" is now embarrassed about this issue, or knows that it is hot and silent. However, the Pan-Democrats had a "civil war" because of this problem around 2013. Fan Guowei, Mao Mengjing, and Tan Kaibang’s “source reduction” initiative was opposed by almost all of the civil society in the past. They said that family reunification is a human right. This is the ideology that Chinese people precede other people. Strictly speaking, it shows a Chinese nationalism.

If Hong Kong people's political ideology is to "progress", it will inevitably be entangled with this set. If you have me, then parting ways will only fall out in the middle, but share a lot of thought DNA. Patriotism has existed since the beginning of the world. In the context of the rule of British rule, Hong Kong's "democratic movement" is almost a Chinese nationalist movement and a form of identity politics against the British government.

This kind of democracy movement has now become a knowing that a large number of Chinese populations will be blasted in Hong Kong, and all Hong Kong people and new Chinese will continue to suffer. The temple people will not sound, no matter the car crash in mathematics. It is because Hong Kong's movements, organizations, and individuals about "democratic progress" are more or less connected with the love root of "love China." Even if many people now have no way to go, Hong Kong is the only destination; even if the votes of the political parties are now based on these people who have no way to retreat, their power-on settings are hard to return. They regard Hong Kong as " As a transit point for Chinese politics, since everyone’s original intention is to be good for China, they will never accept it in order to preserve Hong Kong and make any Chinese unhappy.

I don’t always hear that “Do you want to provoke the Communist Party?” or “Is the Communist Party the happiest?” But it seems that few people will discuss whether Hong Kong people are happy and whether Hong Kong people are being motivated. Probably this is not very important for the progressives.

To continuously input the population, at least not to oppose it, this may be a common issue of "pro-Beijing" and "democratic". The former knows that the constant importation of a heterogeneous population is part of "national security". It is a necessary measure to assimilate Hong Kong and bring Hong Kong closer to China. It cannot be changed. As for the "democracy" population story, it is a bit tortuous. , also emotional a little. In fact, they have never actually administered Hong Kong. Therefore, they have no practical resource problems and are accustomed to exalting a single principle that cannot harm the interests and feelings of Chinese people.

Even if the new generation of people has been completely out of that era, but the political parties and the existing routes can still extend this residual poison as much as possible. Li Zhuming and Situ Hua are very typical of Suibao. Situ Hua is China. His relationship with the CCP is extraordinary. He has always vigorously "supported the return", even after the June 4th incident; Li Zhuming debuted as a barrister. At the beginning, I defended the "leftist workers" in Hong Kong. After that, I was appointed as a drafting member of the Basic Law. It was a great privilege. Only Deng Xiaoping, who couldn't stand the "realism", ordered a cleanup and massacre. In other words, Hong Kong's "progressive people" share the origin of China, and that is not the "cultural China" and the history of rivers and mountains that they boasted after the CCP's opposites. At that time, everyone was pinning and supporting the reality of China. It is clear that the Chinese are rejecting us. When Hong Kong schools appear to speak Cantonese, they must punish them. Until now, the "father of democracy" has told us not to exclude Chinese people.

Of course we may not be too harsh on history. The representative of the lawyer does not represent the identity, yes; the post-war global left-wing movement is surging, and there are many good young people in Hong Kong who are involved in the expectation of the CCP. Some of them left the team after the Cultural Revolution, some left the team after the June 4th, some did not leave the team, and some people later joined the team. They are not necessarily bad people, even many good people and geniuses. But in any case, this is the origin of the "democracy movement" that is not very glorious and condolence. Its existence is to first consider China, not Hong Kong. This kind of democratic movement that is entangled with another nationality eventually conflicts with "local interests," but it is only a physical necessity. At first they wanted to build a democratic China, but the progress and democracy movement produced a community rooted in Hong Kong, which would eventually betray the first issues set by Chinese nationalists.

Because the "democratic movement" has such an origin, there is a corresponding ending, that is, China says that there is no democracy, there is no, the mainstream pan-people face the political power, it is self-restraint, because the CCP is China's orthodoxy, "China The self-identity of man and the political reality of Hong Kong generate bitterness. Therefore, the origin of the "progressive community" usually does not think that the Chinese are colonizing and invading Hong Kong. They do not recognize that Hong Kong is following the footsteps of Xinjiang, Tibet, and Mongolia. For these "surroundings" (and perhaps Taiwan) countries, It is not difficult to explain the political imagination and prejudice of Dahan Shawen, which has a common source with China. In any case, it is "first to oppose Hong Kong independence", and now it is still "preserving fishing" and anti-Japanese. In a linear history, it is not difficult to explain.

Hong Kong’s life is full of enthusiasm. The democratic proponents should have empowered the public. But the long-suffering ideology seems to continue to weaken the importance of Hong Kong people. Democracy originally has national boundaries, but “democracy The origin of this was for "China," so when the Chinese were in the midst of pressure, they suddenly became borderless.

Some left-wingers also want to pull the entire "civil society" to the left, and in fact, really "successfully" succeed. Because in reality politics, the "Chinese Democrats", "Fabianists" and "Chinese colonists" are a triangle that is getting closer and closer. Because in the reality of Hong Kong, while promoting democracy and human rights, it is the safest, and there is no red line. There is room for survival, at least not for DQ. Because the regime will not give you "democracy", but "human rights" is "the human rights of Chinese outsiders", and "systems" must be properly taken care of. Not only medical care, public housing is another thing. Welfare bureaucrats have always been preferential to the Chinese, and their grievances have only been given to certain people.

Therefore, when China ruled Hong Kong (without the British barrier) and the Chinese army was in a state of pressure, the standards of good and evil in the past would be revalued. "Democracy, freedom, human rights" is no longer a natural customs clearance. Even when you really advocate and do everything, many people will suffer. Things that used to be virtues can now become sins.

The people behind will become more and more aware of this matter. Many people will be separated by understanding. There is no way to retreat to defend the democrats in Hong Kong. They will no longer feel that the "Chinese Democrats" are kind and eye-catching; under the colonial frenzy, " The "June 4th" is also no danger at all. In the previous two by-elections, they still emotionally extorted votes, repeating the secrets of the origins of the British rule (mostly literally unchanged), but the magic will expire sooner or later, because all issues in Hong Kong are Chinese issues, and the political circles are against China. There is no other route. The Chinese sentiment of "civil society" is a moral high ground in the era of the British rule. In the colonial era, they only made them look like accomplices of the colonists, but true accomplices have real resources.

The overseas embers of the frustrated Zhao Ziyang route were left out to be governed by the administration of Hong Kong. This has been seen in the interaction between Situ Hua and the Communist Party. These people have neither real Hong Kong identity nor China's Olympic aid. Between the two, the advantage was gradually obscured by the establishment of the roots of the Miaohong, the tragedy of the times, and the price of never changing.