Ask for Renderen's election results

Some people mourn and cry this morning, saying that Li Zhuor lost the by-election, Hong Kong fell; others said that the worst is not the so-called local opinion leaders, do not support the so-called pan-democrats, blindly sing, scorch Lose the seats. (again reaffirming that I am not a local person but an immigrant)
What is the truth? There are a few facts. First, the new public housing such as Delang Village and Qiqing Village, Li Zhuoren has far less votes than Chen Kaixin, who promoted the propaganda and election machine support of the CCP. That is, the distribution of the number of residence tickets coordinated by the Liaison Office and the government has worked. This is also the result of the fact that Li Zhuoren and other Pan-Democrats have welcomed the new immigrants of China over the years. You not only do not oppose the large number of immigrants entering the country, but also support them and arrange for the resettlement on the upper floor. Today, the kind of goodness is good because of the good results. It’s just like the heart of the people.
The second fact is that your pan-democratic election propaganda channel is over. On the election day, three newspapers supported Chen Kaixin like Apple Daily, but why Apple Daily did not have the effect of the Oriental Daily, because of the composition of the readership (Wenhui and Dagong are not worth mentioning). "Oriental Daily" focuses on the small welfare of labor and writing and targeting the disadvantaged groups, and concentrates on the university community. This is in line with the taste of the blue-collar class; although it cannot be said that the blue-collar will pro-government, But the blue-collar hate a so-called union leader who enjoys self-fertilization and incompetence. The Oriental Daily News is more than enough; first, regardless of the readers of Apple Daily, who are also an interactive community speaking on the Internet, they cannot fully follow the media; Apple Daily Every time the gods are helping the upper wall of the mud, the recommended ones may have a considerable amount at the beginning, and eventually they are like Huang Zhifeng. They are like everyone else, and even some are more like "key ones", Yueqiao laymen, inferior and absurd, etc. If you want to see it, such a propaganda channel will be half-disabled in this election campaign. Some old-fashioned populans, such as Liang Guoxiong, took the initiative to provoke the middle electorate in the network and self-destruct the Great Wall. This is a very obvious reflection of the fact that the pan-democrats who have had good relations with Europe and the United States are not enterprising and lag behind the situation.
The third fact is that the image of you politicians is annoying and everyone is shouting. Both Feng Qiaoji and Li Zhuoren have sold Hong Kong people's political gangs in political events. What's more, you don't have to work hard and diligent in your daily work. The inferiority and ugliness have long been branded in everyone's mind. The so-called "tears with tears" is because even your supporters feel that you are embarrassed and face-to-face; a political faction that wants to compete for a seat, except for the old waste, no one can choose to be unmanned, is destined to perish Public opinion is in the age of hatred for young people today. If you should retire, you should retreat to the back row to be a consultant, support you, and then look back, okay?
Right, ask people to be angry, be arrogant and ask for help; your election is to get the public's approval, humble, don't get used to the opposition of the voters, otherwise, find the Workers' Union Interactive Employment Service Center to help you solve the unemployment problem, is your benevolence The outcome of the benevolence.