[Du Yaoming comment] Hong Kong's fiscal reserves are about to fall into the hands of Beijing

The SAR Government has an astronomical fiscal reserve. It is powerless to solve social problems. It is also true. It is not only to prove that a Chief Executive, who is hand-picked by Beijing and supported by vested interests, is a political terrible, serving more power than the public. However, if the taxpayer’s money is sent to the mainland state-owned enterprises without any supervision and supervision, the high degree of autonomy of Hong Kong will further collapse. The current fiscal system of the SAR is isolated from the mainland government’s system and will open the breach.

The Financial Secretary Chen Maobo recently revealed in the blog that the Hong Kong Monetary Authority has discussed with some central state-owned enterprises and is looking for some overseas projects with stable returns to participate in the form of equity investors. In other words, at present, the $1 billion in fiscal reserves managed by the HKMA, the Government has at least used some of the projects invested by state-owned enterprises overseas.

A series of questions will come. First, is the investment project profitable? Central state-owned enterprises have the right to be powerful in the mainland, with policy support from the people, semi-monopoly or even monopoly in the market, and the business can be invincible. If they issue new shares, if the timing and price are recognized by professional analysis, and the SAR Government has fully explained to the public, it is of course impossible to enter the market.

However, the current proposal is another matter. At present, I only know that the investment target is an overseas project of a central state-owned enterprise, but it does not explain what projects are involved. Even the central enterprises involved are indifferent and have no transparency. However, in business negotiations, there are projects with stable returns. It is not difficult to find financial support, and even fundraising for listing can be done. Unless these overseas projects have been organized, the SAR Government or the HKMA has been involved and is a close business partner. Otherwise, why should it benefit the SAR Government? On the contrary, if it is a high-risk project, of course, I hope that the SAR will be generous, but the investment is investment. Does the government need to come to the "sincerely loyalty to the country"?

Second is the way of investing. The SAR government only wants to buy the company's share capital and wait for dividends. Different from the existing investment methods of the government, such as stocks, foreign currencies and bonds, they can be bought and sold in the market at any time as needed. However, the government holds shares of a company, cannot sell it, sells it, and asks buyers to negotiate again, or The purchase is backed by major shareholders at a price of 贱, and the procedure is relatively complicated. More fundamentally, how much protection does minority shareholders have, depending on the regulations, company organization and legal system. A company's big money does not mean that a small shareholder can receive a large amount of dividends. However, if the annual dividend payout ratio is specified in advance, why not buy a company's fixed-rate bonds, and why should it invest in state-owned enterprises by way of shareholding?

The third is the nature of investment. Central enterprises invest a lot in overseas, and some of them are highly controversial, such as activities involving arms sales and copyright infringement. Even if these projects can be profitable, the SAR government should think twice. First, in addition to considering returns, commercial investment also has a moral bottom line. It cannot be seen with money. Just as some NGOs also have investment guidelines and cannot get involved in some problem areas, the government should be equally cautious. Second, the Sino-US trade war is in full swing. The SAR government should try to avoid being implicated. Therefore, it is necessary to completely eliminate the participation in the United States as a business activity that violates fair trade, and even keep a distance from the central enterprises to ensure the status of the existing free customs zone.

Perhaps in the eyes of Chen Maobo, choosing investment projects for fiscal reserves is an internal matter of the HKMA. They choose which central enterprises to do business, just as they choose which stocks and bonds, so he does not account for the words in the blog. I don't plan to explain it in detail in the future. However, the above three questions, from the selection of what projects, which business to the investment method, are all important, improper handling, not only lose money, but also more harm from the sky, unreasonably into Hong Kong into the vortex of trade wars, but the SAR How can the government's black box operations be reassuring?

Of course, what is more crucial is that the precedents for the acquisition of central enterprises will be opened. I believe that more fiscal reserves will flow into the hands of mainland central enterprises in the future, or even follow the advice of the Macau government, and hand over some of the reserves to the provincial government and the National Development Bank for exchange of fixed income. Under the cover of the impervious decision-making process, the people of Hong Kong have no way of knowing the actual destination of the trillion-dollar fiscal reserves and the surplus of the 700 billion HKMA. It is also impossible to understand whether the funds are placed in Huawei's 5G telecommunications in Australia or in Africa. The country exploits natural resources, or builds a “Belt and Road” port in Malaysia, and even further. When the central government thinks it is necessary, the central government can collect Hong Kong reserves and then hand it over to the central government for centralized custody, and arbitrarily mobilize it. The annual return to the SAR is 4%. Never deficient in the renminbi.

Of course, if such an exaggeration is to be done, it will require the approval of the HKMA and the SAR Government. But now, what has the government said to the Central Committee?