Liang Tianqi - written before the sentence

Before I returned to Hong Kong, I read a report about the tendency of Hong Kong immigrants in recent years. The survey reflects the fact that more and more Hong Kong people intend to emigrate overseas; and among the young people, the overwhelming majority are considering immigration. At the same time, I have also read some eloquent remarks: Probably calling on young people in Hong Kong to be dissatisfied with the current situation of the society and pessimistic about the prospects. I have read these two news stories one after another. My heart is full of doubts: In Hong Kong, what kind of environment are we creating for the next generation?

Going or staying is of course a choice that many people face. But if Hong Kong people, especially the younger generation, no longer love Hong Kong and retreat to other places, the future of Hong Kong will be fixed. On the contrary, we only have to take root in this land, and there is a possibility of change here. Hong Kong is no longer a floating city.

Of course, reality always teaches people to be angry, and we all have their own difficulties to face.

Since the trial began, time has been rewinded to the first night of two years ago, sometimes slow, and sometimes fixed. My world is once again in line with the night, and I will stop here, and I believe that it will stop for a while.

It’s not too sad to be in prison for four months. I sincerely thank everyone who attended the hearing and wrote to my friend. Whenever I think of the picture I saw in court: a group of defense lawyers in front of me, every familiar, strange face in the public gallery, every nod, smile, wave... all increased my courage to face everything. In particular, each of your letters is the only connection between me and the high wall, which makes my heart warm. This kind of care between people reminds me of why I was engaged in politics.

Life can infect life. When I was preparing for the test, I tried to trace my footprints from the beginning to the present and recall the people I met along the way. From the beginning to the end, what drives me to participate in politics is the expectation of a democratic and free Hong Kong. In the process of pursuing this ideal society, we see different pictures, have their own experiences, and make their own judgments. No matter how we choose, to successfully transform Hong Kong into a democratic society, it will inevitably stumble on the road. Coming to today, I no longer want others to agree. I only hope that everyone can have a basic understanding - understanding how much public anger will accumulate in a political system that cannot show public opinion, and a failed political reform will set off far-reaching political turmoil. Since we are living in Hong Kong, whether she is well or not should be closely related to us; a democratic government that fully reflects the views of the community should be our common pursuit.

At this moment, when it comes to democracy or political reform, it may be a bit of a cliché, and it’s like a idiot saying a dream. And indeed, in the face of absurd reality, all good wishes are ridiculous. I have no intention of denying the cruel facts of the resurgence of the democratic process in Hong Kong; I just feel that in the worst of times, human responsibility is even more important. Looking at the moment, we do have a lot of things to do but not to do.

However, when a certain proposal is put forward in a group, there will inevitably be opinions of support and opposition. Differences are presented in different ways. By the same token, even if we are committed to changing society, participants in social movements will be divided or even split because of the urgency of each matter. Before realizing democracy, perhaps we need to practice democracy first, sort out differences, cherish each other's differences, and use this as an opportunity to unite more power. It must be known that only dictatorship can not accommodate other voices.

After years of turmoil, I have learned a lot more about writing on paper. I want to thank all the people I met on the road, especially the parents who brought me to the world. I think, even if I live this life, I will not be enough to repay my parents' kindness. But if I can learn from the lessons of today and always strive for the future of the next generation, I believe that parents will still be happy.

June 10, 2018