The teacher’s big belly is also on the street: if you know the amendments, you should have the next generation.

During the reversal of the parade, many people pushed the BB car or dragged the children. Asked about the reasons for participating in the parade, they are all inseparable from the concerns of the next generation. Zhu Tai, who has been pregnant for several months, said: "In fact, if you know that something happened, you should have a next generation. Because it is really good, personal safety is like a guarantee." There are pink sheets raised. When the "team flag" of the teacher's milk group, member Susan said: "I want to know what to say. In fact, I am very busy with my teacher's milk. In fact, I have independent thinking. I can talk about it. Because it is all An example, I want to know the next generation. In fact, this time I’m really eager to take it out. I’m going to come out this time and know that I’ll be there again.”

After 80 years, Zhu Tai was pregnant for several months and went to the streets with her husband and parents today. She walked in the crowd with her stomach and asked about the reason for going to the street. She said: "Today, I really came out because of the reason." She also said that she did not feel that she was working hard. Big, I have to go with my husband on April 28th. If you know that something happened, you should have a next generation of Tim, because it’s true that the basic personal safety is like a guarantee. Hong Kong The living environment itself is ridiculous, and the family’s basic human rights seem to be buried. I feel that I can go to the streets to express my fear."

There is a voice in the community that will consider immigration after the passage of the amendment. Zhu Tai also admitted that after the government proposed the amendment, they all thought about immigration. "In fact, I am in a good position. I am in the middle of it, because there are elderly people. The channel is rooted in Hong Kong and will go away; I will be the next generation and I will be fine. I am really helpless, and I know that I am going to walk away. For the next generation, I will take the lead, but what about our parents?"

Zhu Tai’s parents also participated in the parade today. Huang Tai, who was born and raised in Hong Kong and has more than one year, said that their family has always been united, but after the 7th National Day Parade in 2003, they did not come out every year. Huang Tai continued, this time it was not because of the excitement. "In fact, after taking up the middle school, it is actually more timid and more timid. This time, the real system may be the last time. It is like a slap in the face."

Although she is a bit guilty, she still has hopes. "There is a glimmer of hope. I hope that the canal (the government) will be frightened. I really know that I am a Hong Kong people. In fact, most of us are kind and kind Hong Kong people. I want to do something about it." The couple have grown up in Hong Kong for more than 60 years. She continued: "In a society that is relatively called a lawful society, I have been living for many years. Everyone wants to keep it. Quality, that is, 2047 has not arrived, already advanced (deterioration)."
