Foreigners love Hong Kong Ukrainian youth: a kind of responsibility for the family Japanese girls: different from China

Hong Kong people, he is also you and me.

On Sunday, the people who sent the Chinese parade in the sea, the same white clothes, people of different skin colors and different races, all regarded Hong Kong as their home and were part of the Hong Kong people. Although they were not born in Hong Kong, they are now breathing the free air of Hong Kong. They do not want Hong Kong to become an ordinary Chinese city. They choose to go to the streets in the summer and stand side by side with a group of Hong Kong people.


Vladi (left) marches with his girlfriend, A Jing (right), who is engaged in free creation. Ah Jing, born in Hong Kong, said: "The channel (boyfriend) likes Hong Kong more than me." She admits that she has been thinking about going abroad for a few years and is not willing to stay in Hong Kong. "Since I met the channel, I felt that actually Hong Kong is a house of my own. Even a foreigner thinks that Hong Kong is a canal enterprise. I want to stay in the house and swear at me... In fact, this time I am the first time for a big woman to march."
In the crowd of white people, there is a young man holding a handwritten "CHINA HANDS OFF OUR HOME" card and a brown curly hair. He is 28 years old, working in computer research, Vladi, from Ukraine.

Vladi told reporters that he has lived in Hong Kong for a short period of one year and has fallen in love with the power and freedom of the city. He intends to stay in Hong Kong for settlement. However, this time the Government has pushed the amendment of the Fugitive Offenders Ordinance to make him feel sad. "I think Hong Kong I am losing my freedom and getting more and more lost over time. I don't want to live in a place where my freedom will be taken away after a while. The parade is one of the ways to express my unhappiness." Vladi It is said that this is his first time on the streets, even if he was in Ukraine before, he has not participated in the parade. I stood up this time because he had already determined that Hong Kong was his home. "I want to settle here. I feel that I have a responsibility for my home."

Vladi described him as having a close relationship with Hong Kong. "For me, this is a right place because Hong Kong people are very motivated. I think Hong Kong people are more motivated than many Westerners. Living in Hong Kong is more Stress, you have to work harder, but you are also more likely to see the results of your efforts. I like Hong Kong because she pushes me to work harder.” Vladi continued, living in Europe is easier than in Asia, and Europeans don’t have to work very hard. There is a fairly comfortable life. "I don't like this. I want to do the most things in my life." He has a lot to do, one of which is to open a research institution. He said that it is more difficult to open a research institution in Ukraine than Hong Kong. "Because fewer people in Ukraine are interested in innovation."

Vladi knows that Hong Kong is not an ordinary Chinese city because he has traveled to China many times in the past, tried to exploit his personal rights, and has a personal experience of China's national conditions. Vladi cited that he traveled to Xinjiang two or three years ago and was restricted from visiting some places. Even the phone sim card was terminated. He complained to the officials at the time, but he described the officials only giving him some poor network conditions. "false reasons."

The Hong Kong Government intends to amend the Fugitive Offenders Ordinance. His worries are based on China. "If I stay here, I don't want to end up in China, because I have apologized on television for national broadcasting because of certain things." Why are you worried about being handed over? Vladi responded that he believes that China's definition of crime is not clear. "I don't think Chinese law is fair to everyone."


Masuda Mio, from Japan, carrying a red, white and blue tote bag, holding an "Apple Daily" umbrella, and participating in the anti-delivery parade with a number of native Hong Kong friends. Photo by Wu Yuying
Masuda Mio, from Japan, carrying a red, white and blue tote bag and an "Apple Daily" umbrella, joined several Hong Kong native friends to participate in the anti-delivery parade.

Zeng Tian was published in a Japanese magazine. He came to Hong Kong half a year ago because of his working relationship. He immediately became fascinated with the language and culture of Hong Kong. "I like Cantonese." Masuda hopes to stay in Hong Kong. She studied Cantonese in the past year. She said that Cantonese has many local elements in Hong Kong. It is very special. "My colleagues told me that Hong Kong is more and more like China. After 30 years, or Hong Kong has become China (part of it), Hong Kong people will not speak Cantonese. I I don't want to do this, so I learn Cantonese."

Masuda mentioned that in Japan, many people learn Chinese, but they usually learn Mandarin, not Cantonese. Many Japanese also work and stay in China, but they generally do not know much about Hong Kong. Masuda also said that even Japanese people living in Hong Kong often do not know the major events in Hong Kong. After Zeng Tian came to Hong Kong, he made many local friends and learned about Hong Kong's political affairs from their mouths. She knows that Hong Kong is different from China. In order to explain to Japanese friends what happened in Hong Kong, she opened the facebook page "Kanatin in Hong Kong". I will talk about the size of Hong Kong in Japanese.

Masuda said that in the past six or four years, she also went to Victoria Park to attend a candlelight rally and sent a message to the Japanese to explain why the June 4th is important. Masuda mentioned that Hong Kong is the only place in China that can hold a public meeting to mourn the June 4th. She knows that the difference between China and Hong Kong lies in freedom of speech. Therefore, she came out against the revision of the Fugitive Offenders Ordinance. "Many Japanese do not know this. The parade, so I think I represent the Japanese."