[Reverse delivery] Police strong clearance 09/06 evening to 10/06 early morning demonstration

From yesterday morning to the morning, I went from the beginning to the end, recording the whole demonstration in the reverse. The following is my collation report. The following is a full set of demonstrations from 09/06 night to 10/06 early morning.

FDC announces the end of the parade Hong Kong public opinion appeals to the public to stay [09/06 night 9:30 - 12:00]
On June 9th, the Hong Kong FDC launched a counter-delivery procession. A large number of people responded to the participation and forced the station to announce that they would stop at Tin Hau, Causeway Bay and Wan Chai, and cause some people to start walking on Fortress Hill. Around 09:30pm, the FDC announced that the number of demonstrators reached 1.03 million, the highest number of participants in the parade since the reunification, setting a historical record.

Around 09:50pm, the FDC announced the end of the rally, but the demonstrators continued to enter the Civic Square and did not see the Dragon. During this period, Hong Kong Chung Ching has been calling on the public to stay outside the government headquarters until the government talks to it and withdraws the evil law. At about 10:20pm, the last group of demonstrators arrived at the terminal. The remaining citizens began to gather in the vicinity of the political headquarters, Tim Mei Avenue, Hai Fu Centre and the Legislative Council car park. I personally observed at least a thousand people. The scene was still calm and seemed to be waiting for the government to respond.

It was raining at the scene, and the citizens who stayed in the meditation opened the umbrella.

There is a small material station in Tim Mei Dao, as if returning to the occupied area of umbrella sports
At 11:07pm, the government issued a statement that it will not withdraw the amendments and will go straight to the second reading of the Legislative Council on Wednesday. At the same time, student sources, the Hong Kong Independence Alliance and Hong Kong members of the public outside the government called on the public to launch civil disobedience and stay calm until June 12. Many citizens applauded the support, but some citizens chose to leave after hearing the appeal. The person who left the party said, "If you say that you will stay on the 12th, I will have already left." "Why don't you say it early, there is no preparation." It seems that I am not satisfied with the organization.

After 11 o'clock, the atmosphere at the scene began to become more and more tense. It was reported that a large number of riot police arrived at the scene and they would clear the scene. However, there are still a large number of people staying behind. I have heard that some members of the public have decided to stay at least 12 o'clock and do not object to the notice to allow the event to be taken after the end of the assembly time.

The riot police and the Athlon team appeared in the police clearance [10/06 12:00 2:00:30]
At about 12 am, the riot police and the Athlon team appeared in the Legislative Council parking lot, equipped with long shields and batons to prepare for clearance. A large number of left-behind citizens heard the news and rushed to the scene to form a line of defense in front of the police. 12: Around 05am, about a dozen people with masks suddenly yelled and shouted, and even pushed down the iron horse to the police line of defense.

The situation on the ground quickly became extremely confusing. The public inside and outside (including the outer lawn and the whirlwind of the Tamar Park) screamed and some citizens responded to the front line. In less than 5 minutes, the police easily lifted the red flag and immediately dispatched pepper spray and batons to drive away the demonstrators. At around 12:25am, the Athlon team and the riot police rushed out of the Legislative Council parking lot without warning and warning. They began to wield batons to drive away all the people in the vicinity of the Legislative Council carpark, whether they were calm and sitting in the public, watching the public nearby. Even the reporters, all indifferent, screamed and threatened to drive away. The citizens have rushed back, and during this period, they heard a lot of snoring, screaming and object collisions, and tears appeared.



After 12:30am, the police began to divide into several teams to advance to the lawn outside the Legislative Council car park, Tamar Park, CITIC Tower and Tim Mei Road to drive away all the citizens who remained on the scene. Many media photographed these police officers with pepper spray, long shields, tear gas and even long guns. The public is divided into two batches: "Towards the Dragon Road" and "Towards the Summer Road". In addition, according to media reports, dozens of demonstrators led by Zhongzhi are still sitting outside the government.

Around 12:30-1:30am, hundreds of people gathered in Longhe Road could not return to the Legislative Council and began to build iron horses, water horses and sundries on the road to block the roads along the Longhe Road. The scene once returned to the umbrella movement to occupy the dragon and the road. Around 1:30am, the Athlon team began to rush to Longhe Road, and the demonstrators continued to retreat.

1:30-2:00am The demonstrators retired to Longhe Street, Fenwick Pier Street and Fenwick Street to the Hong Kong Academy for Performing Arts. They finally gathered on the road from Gloucester Road to Chai Wan and blocked two lanes. The police began sending riot police to the scene but did not act. The two sides confronted each other for nearly half an hour.

Demonstrators set up iron horses in Longhe Road


Finally retreat to Gloucester Road

During the confrontation, four cars parked on the opposite lane, and the owner gave the materials to the demonstrators.
According to media reports, dozens of people who stayed in the vicinity of the Tianqiao Road in Xiazhang Road during this period were also driven away and retired to the Haifu Center. At this time, the people of Tim Mei Road and Harcourt Road have basically dispersed.

Riot police rushed to Gloucester Road Nearly 100 demonstrators were surrounded by the old police station in Wan Chai [10/06 early morning 02:30 -04:30]
At 2:30am, the riot police hand of the Gloucester Road was unanimously arranged and began to advance to the demonstrators. Nearly 100 demonstrators retreated to the old police station in Wan Chai and were surrounded by police officers. They could no longer leave the scene. The remaining 200 demonstrators retreated to the junction of Hennessy Road and Fleming Road, and soon the police arrived at the scene and the demonstrators began to scatter.

The riot police began to advance to the citizens of the Gloucester

Demonstrators help each other, go back
From 3:00 to 4:00 am, the Golden Bell belt in Wan Chai was in the same name as the curfew. The police intercepted all the people walking on the street and rushed into the private shop to try to catch the guests. Until 4:30am, there was still news that the police were still searching for demonstrators in the vicinity. At the same time, the police began to talk to the demonstrators of the old police station in Wan Chai, saying that as long as the police allowed the body search, no contraband, no wanted criminals, and left personal information, they would be released; but the police also said they would retain the right to pursue the lawsuit.

 At 4:30am, all the demonstrations were cleared.