The police officer suspected that I had an offensive weapon. "Do you have more water? Do you want to be a librarian?"

I remember the memory, try to describe it as much as possible without emotion. The situation of the reporter at the police clearance last night (or this morning) (I want to hear the rough version can ask me privately).

In the early hours of the morning, Admiralty began to have an action. The boss assigned to the home to fly to the scene to reinforce. When the taxi arrived at Longhe Road, it was about one and a half. At that time, the Legislative Council opened the blockade and Athlon built a shield with a shield to demonstrate. The move to Central and Wan Chai, I am on the Central side, when the police line is in the position, probably in front of the Chief Executive.

Immediately opened the phone to do the live broadcast, walked about 5 or 6 meters before the police shield, and found that there were fewer than ten people on the scene, and then the police began to push the front line every five or six steps. I have been drinking "fast walking" to the people present, and I have been keeping a certain distance and shooting in front of the line of defense.

When the process was repeated several times, the police's "warning" began to become strange. For example, the person who was warning that he was going backwards (he was also filming on the phone) "When you pour it, you will be careful to kill you." Just aiming at the front of the police and aiming at the police officers to continue the live broadcast until the violent drink "black and white shirts go quickly" and "have done things well", in fact, it is a blue and white shirt, but I am afraid that the so-called black and white is to say me With the decrease of the number of people present, it seems that I have also become the target of the drive. I pointed to the reporter’s armband tied to my hand, indicating that “it’s tight,” but the other’s call was not stopped. No privilege."

In my understanding, the police once said that the activities of the night were illegal gatherings. However, except for the police officers, only five people (together with me) were supposed to be gatherings. Even if the activities were illegal gatherings, the reporters had the right to In the interview, this is the right to interview under the Basic Law. In the vast past, in most cases, journalists who have indicated their identity can enter and exit the police line. Even if the police block the scene, they should stay in the blockade. After that, there was no problem in the interview.

But at this time, the police began to use the shield to push my back several times in addition to drinking. After I took a long distance with them, I took out an interview card and showed it to the police.

"I hold a government-approved media agency interview card. I have no intention of obstructing the police action, but I want to ask, if you go to the side of the line of defense? You know that I will retreat behind the line of defense."

However, the response was only "you have to stop doing it" and the violent drink of many people. Then there is a police officer who appears to be a higher-level officer (no mistake is Sanchai). Ask me "You have a press card. "", and asked me to "can be in front of the police line of defense."

I only responded. I have always been in front of the police line of defense. He said, "I want to catch up with you," and then asked me to go ahead and try to reach out and grab the press card.

I stress that I can "give you", but I can't take it away. The other person said "I am clear". So I self-reported the name and name of the organization. The other party only repeated "I am clear" and then suddenly became awkward. Refers to "I suspect that I have an offensive weapon" and asked me to hand over my ID card and interview card.

I asked the other party to explain the reason for the so-called "suspicion". He drank "I have reasonable doubts". I have only cooperated with this. At this time, the police assigned about four people to take me to the side. Others continued to advance their defense. I asked to continue the interview. The other party took my backpack and shouted "You are good to go." At that time, except for the police, there was only one single hand holding the live broadcast and the other hand was "cooperating with the law enforcement". A reporter who carries out backpack items.

Since I arrived at the airport in the early hours of the morning, I bought five big branches of water in advance and distributed them to the colleagues present. The police officer who had "reasonably suspected that I possessed offensive weapons" saw the water in the backpack. Just ask me, "Do you have a lot of water? Do you want me to marry me?" I replied, bought it for my colleagues.

This so-called body search ended up in a rough way. After the backpack was turned over, there was no real "search". Of course, no offensive weapons were found. Then the police asked me to put the items back in the backpack and leave immediately.

Since my left hand has been holding the phone and continuing to broadcast live, it is difficult to collect the item by the right hand. The police officer has repeatedly asked me to "get up" and "you are blocking the progress of the sun". Some police officers have called me. "You have a good hand shake," I explained that I have been using five hands of 1.5 liters of water back to my backpack with one hand. The police officer asked me "You do one hand" and I am too lazy to respond, just saying "You can do it clearly and be clear."

After about 5 minutes, the so-called "search body" was over, and the police pushed me away. They pushed the front line of the front line of defense. The position after the "search body" has already reached the Central Ferris wheel. I hope to know the police. Of course, there is no answer to the defense line. In the process of leaving, some police officers said "戆鸠仔" and "doing burying and boring" behind me. I will say "the system is good." bored".

This process may have details of the memory by mistake, but it is probably so. If you are interested, you can go to the position news to find a live clip. It is said that the camera shakes very well.

In addition to this "accused possession of offensive weapons", I also saw a team of shielded police officers on the ifc flyover, all the way to the defense line all the way to drink, and the objects in front of them are all reporters, yes, all I am a reporter, because I know each of them, they also wear reflective vests or wear a press card.

After the incident in Central, I changed to the old Wan Chai Police Station to film the clearance. Due to the large number of reporters on the scene, the "Media Liaison Group" of the police wearing blue vests was co-ordinating. They always said that they were troubled by "reporter friends" and "reporters friends." That way.

Impressively, when the police took away the on-site protesters after registering personal information and searching for photos, one of the police officers walked in the ear of a demonstrator and said, "Doing things," Tudor Fanwu Enterprise, and then the demonstrator returned a sentence but I could not hear clearly. The police officer said, "Zhong Duo Tsui, you are careful, I will recognize you."

In this process, I stood beside the police officer and the picture was clear. At this time, the police officer’s colleague patted him and said “good”. The police officer turned around and found the camera and let go of the demonstrators and disappeared into the crowd. In the meantime, he reappeared and adjusted the blockade line of the reporters set up by the police at the scene. During the period, he said, "The reporters and friends are in trouble."

There are also a large number of experts who have been blocked by the lens and the camera with a flashlight. After being identified, they are pushed by the shield and forced to drive away.

In fact, this kind of interview experience is common in the north of Shenzhen River. I just didn't expect it to be experienced again in Hong Kong, and I am afraid that there will be many times in the future.