[Hong Kong after 612 01: Change has appeared]

Although the "612 occupation" has not been repaid, it has actually brought changes to Hong Kong, and this change is mainly in thought.

First, the channel has broken the core idea of the "democratic return" of the Pan-People and the Federation. This has led many people to believe that democracy has saved China's generosity into deep and profound contradictions. You talk about bringing democracy to China, and Hong Kong will have democracy first? If you haven’t finished talking to each other, you will lose a stick.

Second, the traditional lazy and sham-free sub-committee members finally learned that they should do what they are today in today’s harsh environment. After this battle, the members of the Pan-Pan National Committee won a vote, such as blasphemy. Regardless of the true calculations, the politicians should be as if they are eager to take the action and grab the votes. If you do a lot of dizziness, the ticket will be ruined by you;

Third, the channel has always been determined that as long as you peacefully and rationally demonstrate, you will be swayed by traditional yellow silk thinking. A lot of people, including my own Facebook, have a lot of time to talk about Hong Kong people. I should be deeply impressed by the following day: no matter whether you are peaceful and quiet, you will have a beast in your eyes.

Fourth, the channel also eases the peaceful rationality and courageous struggle against each other and the hostile atmosphere. It can be said that the "612 occupation" was the first cooperation between the two camps of peaceful rationality and bravery in Hong Kong. The side of the box has been ridiculed by the brave warriors and the singularity of the front line. The other side has always determined that the brave warriors will be exhausted and their peaceful and rational demonstrators finally put down their thoughts and rushed to the police. Speaking about the future of Hong Kong, the two camps complement each other and cooperate with each other to make a beautiful thing - if it can continue to be generous;

In the end, the channel officially relegated to the traditional pan-people-style social transport platform. Basically, there are fewer and fewer on-site protesters who will pay attention to the big stage, but there is still a lot of value in the big station: as one of the main information transmission points and leisure centers on the scene. Compared with the safe and generous area, you can walk around and listen to you. You can comfort yourself more than a few applause.

After the pan-popular squadron, the logistical support team of the class was gathered, and the protesters rushed to the front. The pan-people's peaceful and rational gestures have attracted outside support for the protesters, and the protesters have acted to bring political or negotiating chips to the popular people. For a common goal, everyone has their own duties, and they are truly united. I personally hope that the unity will continue to fall.